THE virtual meeting that the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, had with investors last week where he pleaded with them to stop patronising black market operators for dollar purchases leaves much to be desired. Mr Emefiele had, at the meeting, stated: “We have seen your accounts already but we are appealing to you to stop and do what is right and what is legal so that Nigeria can be a better place to live in. Don’t go into illegal business. Do your business legally and make your money. I repeat and I know it. I know some of you are involved. Stop now. By you going to the parallel market, you are helping to overheat the market.” We find it extremely difficult to come to terms with the appeal by the apex bank chief to these investors against the backdrop of an earlier warning doled out by the same CBN to currency speculators and those engaged in illegal use of foreign exchange in the country because of the damage their activities were foisting on the economy. If the CBN governor indeed knew those who were involved in what is patently an economic sabotage, what is the need for appealing to them? If there is a law against what the people are doing, why should the CBN governor practically beg people to halt their involvement in it? What is the point of having a law that cannot be enforced, if indeed the law is unenforceable? Rather than beg, the CBN governor ought to have wielded the big stick against the offenders to serve as deterrent to others. The impression created by the CBN governor’s appeal is that the CBN is probably a toothless bulldog. Does the country have in the CBN a regulator that is too weak to enforce its own laws? Failure to enforce laws serves as a fillip to others to flout the laws because infractions increase when sanctions are in short supply. But that is on the one hand. On the other hand, why would anybody approach a black market operator that sells at a higher price if the same commodity is readily available at the official price? That investors are willing to buy the dollar at a price far higher than the official rate is a pointer to the dysfunctional economic system in operation in the country. If the gap between the official and unofficial rates of the dollar is too wide, the system has already created a room for corruption and the CBN would be at its wits’ end to curb abuses of the process. We acknowledge the success recorded by the CBN in bridging the gap between official and unofficial rates of foreign currencies until recently when, as a consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the prices of crude oil crashed globally. For over two years, the strategy deployed by the apex bank to sway people from the black market was effective. But what has been revealed by the recent development is that the country’s economy is at the mercy of global oil prices. So, what has happened to all that the government claims to have been doing about diversifying the economy? The government needs to up its game and manage the economy better to shield it from external shocks. We call on the CBN governor and his team to rethink their monetary policies with a view to putting an end to arbitrage in the foreign exchange market and come up with policies that would emplace an effective and efficient system which would, in turn, ensure that the foreign exchange market operates to the advantage of Nigerians with legitimate demands. That done, those who go outside of it would be visited with appropriate penalties. The apex bank also needs to accept the fact that the country’s currency is not at its strongest form yet and must be ready to set for the naira an exchange rate that is as close as possible to its real market value. The country cannot continue to pretend that its currency is strong when it is not. If it continues on that route, not only would it be destroying the economy, it would also be making life extremely difficult for average Nigerians as every glitch in the global market would destroy the buffer they have built for themselves.       YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING