The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kebbi State chapter, has condemned in strong terms the demolition of the corpers’ lodge of a parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God in Kalgo town, headquarters of Kalgo Local Government area of the state. A three-page petition letter addressed to the Director of the Department of State Security Services (DSS), signed by the chairman and Secretary of CAN, Venerable (Dr.) Ayuba Kanta and Mr Samuel Adda and made available to ChurchNews, described the demolition of the church building as gross violation of Christian worshipers’ right and a breach of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended. The petition which was captioned ‘Demolition of Redeemed Christian Church (RCCG) corpers’ lodge for Purported Breach of Building/ Development Permit,’ explained that CAN could deduce that the corpers’ lodge under construction was demolished on the premise of a building without formal approval, violation of building plan and the use of the premises for religious activities. It added that CAN observed with concern and serious exception to “illegal operation of church services”, content in one of Kebbi Urban Development Authority (KUDA)’s letter dated 17th March, 2020, noting that while CAN cannot be party to any disobedience to any constituted authority,  it still considered KUDA’s action which it claimed to be a directive of Kalgo Local Council as precipitatious. The Christian body also expressed that as it is not out for any confrontation with any constituted authority and believes in dialogue therefore observed that there should be no reason why there should be no church or church services in Kalgo town, especially now that it has become a university town housing the Federal University, Birnin-Kebbi. The body therefore requested that the Kalgo Local Government Council and the Kebbi Urban Development Authority rebuild the structure demolished, grant the RCCG and other Christian churches separate lands for the building of churches, schools and clinics from residential building and to allow churches that have purchased lands for agricultural, residential purposes to build churches clinics and schools. In a related development, Venerable Kanta, in a chat with ChurchNews, expressed worries that leaders who took oath of office to protect the constitution of Nigeria turned out to jettison same by allowing their personal interest to override constitutional provisions. He reiterated that Christians are not second-hand citizens in their own country, pointing out that freedom of religious worship is not even a constitutional provision but a divine provision. “If God wants the entire human race to belong to a single religious faith, He would not need any human assistance to do it. Religious freedom is a God-given right to humans to seek Him in the best way that appeals to them individually or group of people,” he affirmed.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Fears Spread As North-West Records More Deaths
A huge harvest of deaths in North West states is spreading fear across other states in the country as COVID-19 continues its ravage. Reports from Jigawa, Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kano states have continued to reveal daily unexplained deaths in scores, fuelling fears that COVID-19 might be responsible for many of them… Read full story Travel Ban: ‘Infiltrators Will Be Sent Back Home, Won’t Be Allowed To Escape’ •Afenifere, Akintoye react •Human-animal transportation: Meat consumers in great danger —Health experts
THE security situation in Lagos State is reportedly being reviewed following the incessant influx of youths from the Northern part of the country into the state, despite the ban on inter-state movement, with the police saying they have designed new ways of stopping the violators… Read full story Another 42 Coronavirus Patients Discharged After Testing Negative In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday announced that 42 more coronavirus patients have been discharged from various isolation centres in the state, saying the patients comprised 22 males and 20 females, all Nigerians… Read full story Supreme Court Judgment Has Strengthened My Faith In Nigeria, Says Senator Kalu
Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, whose conviction for alleged financial sleaze was quashed by the apex court on Friday has said the judgment has strengthened his faith in the country and its judicial system. Senator Kalu in a statement he personally signed said the events of the past five months has enriched… Read full story How Awo Would Have Tackled Nigeria’s Current Crises —Associates •Adebanjo, Akintoye, Okurounmu speak on 33 years without sage
AS family, friends, associates and Nigerians worldwide mark 33 years of the transition of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, today, some of his associates have looked at the current travails the country faces, declaring that an Awo leadership would have made a positive difference… Read full story COVID-19: States’ Treatment Centres Running Out Of Bed Spaces ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has alerted that treatment centres in states of the federation are running out of bed spaces as more confirmed cases of the disease manifest around the country. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who revealed… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Cases To Reach 120,000 In Lagos By July ― Health Commissioner
Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi has projected an alarming surge into the number of COVID-19 cases in the state between July and August of this year. According to him, the number of cases from the disease in the state might hit 120, 000 as the virus is expected to reach its peak between… Read full story Coronavirus Spreading Through Men’s Semen, Remote ― Experts
Nigerian experts have explained why it is remotely impossible for coronavirus, the germs that cause COVID-19 infection, to be sexually transmitted even as Chinese doctors warned that coronavirus can persist in men’s semen even after they have begun to recover… Read full story PHOTOS: Two Die As Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames, Razes Shops, Cars In Ibadan
No fewer than two persons died when a fuel-laden tanker went up in flames at Moniya area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Friday. The tanker conveying diesel lost control while descending the slope beside a filling station at Moniya, crushing a vehicle travelling to Ogbomoso… Read full story Ex-Lagos Dep Gov, Other Returnees From UK Stranded At Lagos Airport, Threaten To Leave Without Quarantine
The 253 Nigerians who were flown into Nigeria from the United Kingdom through the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Lagos, were neglected for hours by the Federal Government on Friday. For over six hours, they were left under the sun at the tarmac, waiting for the aircraft that was expected be dispatched by the foreign… Read full story Ogun Extends Lockdown By Another One Week
Ogun State government has extended the lockdown order in the state by another one week due to increase in the number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in the state. Governor Dapo Abiodun, while addressing newsmen on the activities of his administration in curbing further spread of COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story British Airways Bringing Nigerian Returnees Insisted On Landing In Lagos, Says Minister
Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey Onyeama, has said Nigeria was helpless in the deal it reached with the British Airways for the evacuation of Nigerian nationals from the United Kingdom. He made the revelation on Friday at the daily media briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read full story  CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!