GODWIN Jeremiah, an otherwise unknown bricklayer who plies his trade in Akwa Ibom State, attracted publicity recently, albeit for the wrong reasons. The police arrested him for allegedly raping his 13-year-old daughter for months. Policemen from the divisional headquarters in the Eket Local Government Area of the state effected the arrest, accompanied by the wife of the local government chairman, Mrs Bright Archibong, and the president of the women lawyers’ association, Mrs Emmem Ette. The girl’s experience would have been unimaginable if those women hadn’t come to her rescue because, according to her, her father and tormentor had previously been released on bail but had continued the debauchery. Speaking with journalists after Jeremiah’s arrest, the victim accused him of molesting her almost every night, adding that his friend, one Mr Michael from Ikot Udoma village, who has now been declared wanted by the state police command, also attempted to rape her, but ran away when she raised the alarm. Her words:  “This (ordeal) occurred almost on a daily basis in spite of my resistance and the pains and injuries I sustained from the ungodly act. Initially, I reported the case to my stepmother who confronted my father, but she was beaten and this made her flee from my father’s house. When the whole thing became unbearable for me, I ran and reported to the police, which led to his first arrest, but my aunt, who did not believe my story, intervened and he was released on bail. The matter grew from bad to worse. It was the darkest moment in my life. This time my father did not allow me to sleep; he forcefully abused me throughout the night. It was coming on a daily basis. Since nobody was there to help, I decided to run away from my father’s house. But fate led to my meeting a compassionate mother, Mrs Bright Archibong, and the President of FIDA who rose up to fight on my behalf.” In his response, though, Jeremiah claimed that his daughter, who used to sleep on the same bed with him, just decided to abscond from home without reason. To say the least, this is a horrendous story. It is  certainly disconcerting to note that perverts who delight in sexually preying on minors abound in the Nigerian society. Often, these felons exploit the biological relationship between them and the victims to criminal advantage, causing them untold agony. For instance, one Joseph Sunday of Obot Ideng village in Ibesikpo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, arrested by the police in October last year  for allegedly raping his two daughters aged nine and 13, provided this gruesome alibi: “My wife left me some years ago because of some family issues and relocated to Rivers State. I have been the only one taking care of my daughters. I just wanted to test if my manhood was still functional using my daughters.” Individuals of this ilk cannot thrive in a clime where retribution is swift and always assured. For far too long, sexual perverts have got away with the most horrendous crimes, aided by despicably complicit family members and a corrupt policing system. For instance, the accused in this case was previously taken in by the police for questioning, but was let off the hook through the intervention of a family member. How can victims get justice when their own family members not only deny the obvious but use their “connections” to get the accused persons off the hook? It is only when the likes of Godwin Jeremiah and Joseph Sunday are regularly apprehended and treated with all the severity that the country’s laws allow that the much needed change can come. It is saddening that family values have been eroded to the point where it has become presumptuous and naive to regard the family, quite uncritically, as a safe haven for children. If a father could sexually assault his own daughter, how can he, in good conscience, complain about such aggression from other felons on the prowl? There is certainly a desperate need to save many children from abusive homes in which their protection cannot be guaranteed. Sadly, though,  this function falls on social welfare departments that are no longer functional in virtually all the states of the country. The country is ill-fated if it makes light of the fundamental concerns about the family as the basic unit of society. If the family as the basic unit of society suffers dysfunction, the multiplier effects on the society will be devastating. The rash of ugly news in the media about defilement, rapes and domestic violence proceeds from the defective family values in the society. In the particular case of Godwin Jeremiah, he was allegedly even on the verge of using his own daughter as an object of entertainment for a friend of his: the victim only escaped by screaming in order to call public attention to her predicament. Rapists do not deserve a place among decent human beings because their socialisation process has been fractured along the way at some point in time. This particular felon must be made to face the full wrath of the law to serve as a deterrent to his ilk wherever they may be.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING PHOTO NEWS: Suspected Coronavirus Patients Protest Treatment At Isolation Centre, Vow Never To Go Back
The patients, who trooped out from the Kwadon isolation centre, a few kilometres from Gombe town, alleged that they are starving at the centre, adding that they are not being well taken care of by the government. They marched on the highway disrupting free flow of traffic, showing their anger over what they described as… Read full story COVID-19: Sick Emir Of Daura In Intensive Care
The Emir of Daura in Katsina State, Alh Umar Farouk, is currently at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the Federal Medical Centre, Katsina due to his poor health condition. A source had told Tribune Online that contrary to a report emanating from one of the online media that the monarch was admitted since on Monday… Read full story FG Bars CBN, PTF From Unbudgeted Spending COVID-19 Donations
The Federal Government on Tuesday issued guidelines on the management of all COVID-19 special funds and donations. In a statement issued by Office of the Accountant General of the Federation, all funds related to COVID-19 must pass through the Treasury Single Account (TSA) and must not be spent unless the National… Read full story One Doctor Died, 32 Tested Positive After Contact With COVID-19 Patients, Says Kano NMA Chairman
Chairman of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Kano State chapter, Dr. Sunusi Muhammad Bala, on Tuesday disclosed that its association had lost one doctor to the coronavirus pandemic while 32 others have tested positive in the state. He also said that its members had resolved that they would not risk their… Read full story Yar’Adua Reversed Policies That Hurt Nigerians When He Was President, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has described former President Umaru Yar’Adua as a patriot despite their political differences. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Tuesday said as Nigerians observed the 10th anniversary of the death of the former… Read full story Senate Wants Police Force Decentralised
The Senate has called for the decentralisation of the Nigeria Police Force and the need for community policing as a way of addressing the country’s problem of insecurity. This formed part of the recommendations of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges which was considered and approved during… Read full story All Set For Return Of 265 Nigerians From UAE On Wednesday ― Minister
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Godfrey Onyema on Tuesday disclosed that the first batch of returning Nigerians in Diaspora would arrive in Nigeria on Wednesday, May 6, 2020… Read full story Lagos Discharges Another 60 Patients After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
The Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, announced the discharge of 60 patients from isolation centres after they tested negative for coronavirus twice. According to the governor, 40 males and 20 females were discharged from Yaba, Ibeju Lekki and Eti Osa isolation centres to reunite with… Read full story Oyo Border Areas Porous, Extend COVID-19 Testing To Oke-Ogun, Ogbomoso ― State Assembly Tells Makinde
The Oyo State House of Assembly has asked the Governor Seyi Makinde led government to pay attention to the porous nature of the state’s borders and extend testing to those border areas. The Assembly said this call became expedient due to the continued entry of foreign nationals into the state via borders in… Read full story 179 Arrested In Lagos For Flouting Face Mask, Distancing Order, 200 Vehicles Impounded
One hundred and seventy nine suspected violators of the face mask and social distancing order have been arrested by the police in Lagos State. Over 200 vehicles were also between Monday and Tuesday impounded by the police and the Lagos State Traffic Management Agency (LASTMA)… Read full story CIBN To FG: Diversify Economy From Over-Reliance On Crude Oil
The Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN) on Tuesday called on the Federal Government to diversify the economy and review its policy to stir the country away from import dependence and increase non-oil revenue. A past president of the institute and keynote speaker, Mr Laoye Jaiyeola, made the call at an… Read full story COVID-19: Nasarawa Govt Begins Tracing Of 74 People Who Had Contact With Late Lawmaker
Nasarawa State Government says its response team is tracing 74 contacts of the House of Assembly member who died due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Governor Abdullahi Sule made the disclosure while speaking at the beginning of an extended security meeting on Tuesday in Lafia… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING