Zamfara State Commissioner for Rural Development and Cooperative, Alhaji Abubakar Abdullahi, in this interview by ATTAHIRU AHMED, speaks on the menace of bandits in the state, especially Tsafe Local Government Area where he hails from, among other issues.  What is your view on the resurgence of banditry in Zamfara State? For me, what is happening in Zamfara State, especially the area where I am from, is actually a cause concern. My people are not safe. They are being killed on a daily basis. To the best of my knowledge, the state government is doing its part by providing the needed support to the security agencies to perform their duty but from the look of things, the system is not working.  What has been happening in Tsafe Local Government Area in recent days? I am sure you have heard series of attacks in Bilbis town. Many communities in that area have been invaded by these bandits and scores of people are killed almost every day. Recently, there were mass attacks in Anguwar Rogo and other neighbouring villages around Chafe and they were believed to be a reprisal for the alleged interception and killing of some members of a Fulani group by members of the vigilance group in the area. That incident has brought a serious setback to security management in the entire area. Almost every day, we receive a report of an attack on one community or another and as leaders, we are not happy with the development. I think I have to make this point very clear: the Federal government needs to renew strategies to defeat these bandits before they crush us as a state.  Where do you think the problem lies? I think the entire blame goes to the Federal Government because as a state, the governor and everybody, including traditional rulers, are doing their best. But the strategies being used by the military and police to fight this criminality have failed and the Federal Government needs to go back to the drawing board. Recently, Mr President gave marching orders for a down-to-earth operation in Katsina State and I think the same order should be extended to Zamfara, Kaduna and Sokoto states. Zamfara people are dying due to banditry and the Federal Government needs to hear us and end this tragedy. I know the state government is very much ready to support any decision that will help bring an end to the insecurity in the state. But it is long overdue, something needs to be done.  Why do you think the measures taken so far have failed? The measures have failed because if you look at the fight against the Covid-19 pandemic. The Federal Government ordered the total shutdown of parts of the country. From the beginning of this pandemic to date, not up to 200 people have died of this virus. Imagine the amount of resources the federal and state governments have deployed to manage the situation. If the Federal Government could order the closure of business activities in the country for close to 30 days because it wanted to fight a pandemic that has killed less than 200 people, what about banditry that has killed more than 3,000 people in Zamfara State alone? The government needs to be logical because the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic are not as bad as that of banditry activities, especially among the people of the North. So, more proactive measures need to be taken to manage security in states like Zamfara.  But the state government had a peace deal with bandits. Are you saying the deal has also failed? It has failed because these bandits are all over communities in Zamfara. From the time the peace deal was formalised to date, there have been reports of gun attacks from numerous communities. The state government is doing its part by providing all that is required to end this menace but surprisingly, the people of Zamfara are still battling to contain the excesses of these bandits. To me, if the peace deal cannot work, the Federal Government should be more proactive with conventional operations to end this tragedy. If two attempts to make peace with these people have failed, let us have a more viable action that will prove to them that the government is actually government.  What makes the Zamfara State security situation unique? I will specifically blame the porous nature of our borders. If you take example of Tsafe alone, there are about seven exit routes these bandits use to escape military attacks whenever they invade communities in Zamfara. Again, these bandits understand the terrain more than the military and the police and the terrain is not easily motorable. So, a combination of these factors is responsible for the complexity in managing security operations along Zamfara forests.  Are you impressed with the efforts of members of the National Assembly from Zamfara State on the security situation in the state? Not at all. In fact, I am surprised that even the N10 billion Senator Marafa is fighting to secure as an intervention for the victims of banditry in the state has not been released and nobody representing us at the National Assembly is talking or making effort to see this come to fruition. We have senators and members of the House of Representatives but no one is speaking for Zamfara people. It is unfortunate. If the state governor can be supported by these National Assembly members, the story would be different but I believe that something is not right with the system and that is terribly bad.  Can’t the state governor approach the president again on the issue of insecurity in Zamfara? That may be another option but to be candid, when I was Special Adviser to Senator Kabiru Marafa, we visited the president many times regarding this Zamfara security matter and I think we are getting the same result. In my opinion, the Federal Government should simply review its strategies on this security situation. Something serious must be done otherwise the problem will continue.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Moon Not Sighted, Sultan Says Ramadan Ends On Saturday
Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has confirmed that this year’s Ramadan will come to and end on Saturday, 23rd of May, as moon for the new month was not sighted. This is according to a press statement signed by Professor Sambo Wali Junaidu, Chairman Advisory Committee on Religious… Read full story Lagos Finalises Register- To- Open Guidelines, Set To Restart Economy ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State government has set the process of re-opening its economy in motion, with the rollout of Register-to-Open guidelines, saying the 4-page guidelines were the major part of the measures initiated to achieve phased re-opening of the state economy… Read full story Buhari’s Executive Order Gives Financial Autonomy To State Legislature, Judiciary
President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday signed an Executive Order granting financial autonomy to both legislative and judicial arms of states. It was tagged Executive Order No 10 of 2020 according to a statement by Dr Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations Office of the… Read full story Reps Threaten To Prosecute MDAs Over Breach Of 2020 Budget
Following the submission of the revised 2020 budget proposal by President Muhammadu Buhari, the House of Reps on Friday warned that Federal Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) to desist from tampering with the 2020 budget. The Chairman of the Appropriation Committee, Hon. Muktar Aliyu Betara… Read full story Ogun Govt Extends Lockdown By Another Week
Ogun State government has, yet again, extended the existing lockdown by another week. Gov Dapo Abiodun made this known while briefing journalists on Friday in Abeokuta. He maintained that the state was constrained to extend the lockdown for another week as it continued to record more cases of the Coronavirus… Read full story Islamic Cleric Ordered To Return 16-Year-Old Girl He Married As 9th Wife In Ondo
An Islamic cleric in Odo State was on Friday, May 22, asked by a court to return a 16-year-old girl to her parents after he forced her into marrying him, thus becoming his ninth wife. The Islamic cleric, Alhaji Yusuf Lateef, was ordered by the Family Court based in Akure, the state capital, to return the secondary… Read full story US Family Returns $1million Found On Street
A sheriff’s department in the US state of Virginia praised a family who returned two large mail bags they found in the middle of the road — filled with nearly $1 million in cash. Emily Schantz told local television station WTVR that her family was out driving when they ran over one of the bags… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to… Read full story Chinese Medical Team Not In Nigeria To Treat Coronavirus Cases, Says CCECC
The China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) on Friday said the 15-man Chinese medical team has been carrying out its “assignment in Nigeria basically in an advisory role capacity and not treating coronavirus patients. In a statement released on the official Twitter handle of the company on Friday… Read full story Nigerian Who Works As Nurse In UK Dies Of COVID-19 Because ‘He Was Not Given Adequate Protection’
The family of a Nigerian who works as a nurse who died from COVID-19 in the United Kingdom have claimed he had not been given protective equipment and was trying to buy his own on eBay. Father-of-two, Andrew Ekene Nwankwo, 46, died on May 16 after spending five weeks on a ventilator at Boomfield Hospital… Read full story Yoruba Ko’ya Set To Promote Food Production, Others In South-West
A pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Yoruba Ko’ya Leadership and Training Foundation, on Friday, said it is resolved to propel knowledge-based entrepreneurship, food production, trading and vocational training among the younger generation and market men and women in the South-West geopolitical zone of the country… Read full story History Of Abacha’s Theft Is Being Rewritten Before Our Eyes
In her historical fictional narrative titled “The Lost Sisterhood,” Danish-Canadian writer Anne Fortier quotes one of her characters as saying that “those who control the present can rewrite the past.” This is playing out right before us in what I called the curious posthumous deodorization of Abacha’s grand larceny in… Read full story Trump Calls On Governors To Allow Places Of Worship To Open This Weekend
The United States President, Donald Trump, on Friday, demanded that states allow religious services to take place again this weekend, thus ending shutdowns that were part of efforts to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. Trump made the proclamation, which he phrased in the form of a verbal order, from the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING