The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic on Thursday assured that Nigeria’s testing strategy is yielding results, asserting that the country can now give care to any patient who needs it. Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, stated this during its briefing in Abuja as he observed the end of the first phase of eased lockdown to gradually reopen the economy. “The statistics on COVID-19 have continued to come out daily and the indications are that our testing strategy is yielding results because we can now give care to those that need it,” Mustapha said. He said as the PTF continues to assess the level of compliance with the guidelines and the impact on slowing down the spread of the virus, it will make further recommendations before the second phase commences. The SGF regretted what he called a high level of non-compliance to guidelines from the initial evaluation which he warned portends grave self-inflicted danger, saying: “This fact has made it imperative for me to re-echo our call for taking personal responsibility.” While highlighting the guidelines established to contain the spread of the virus, Mustapha also pointed out that certain economic activities had been exempted to enable the country to move on and therefore urged relevant authorities to apply for the exemptions. He explained: “You will recall that when the new measures were rolled out and published, we ensured that certain economic activities pertaining to food production and distribution were exempted. This, for the avoidance of doubts, includes farming activities. “We recognise the fact that we are in the planting season and the nation cannot afford to prevent our hardworking farmers from going to their farms. “We, therefore, use this medium to reemphasize that farmers fall within the list of exemptions and urge state governors, local government authorities and security agencies to please allow them to carry out their activities. Our food security is critical to our national security.” The PTF boss congratulated frontline health workers who he said have collectively nursed back to health a total of 1,071 Nigerians already discharged from the various isolation treatment centres. While noting that these health workers have put in all, even beyond the call of duty, to save lives he similarly congratulated all those that have been discharged and urged them to come out and tell their stories. He said: “We need to tell Nigerians that COVID-19 is real, that it is deadly and that prevention is better than cure. There is no better convincing and compelling evidence of the reality of the dangers than your experience.” Mustapha expressed sadness over the attitude of some Nigerian evacuees from the UAE, UK & USA, who are on mandatory quarantine protocol. He said: “Nigerians have in recent days been served with different audio-visual clips by some of these returnees. The PTF is saddened by the conduct of some of the returnees who fail to adhere to the conditions attached to their quarantine. “I strongly urge them to obey the rules in the facilities and also urge their friends and relations to recognize the contagious nature of the disease by desisting from visiting them. Complying is in the interest of the visiting relation and in the overall public interest.” The PTF chairman welcomed the resolution of the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) to take steps to ramp up testing and provide the prescribed minimum number of bed spaces in their isolation/treatment centres. He assured the States that the NCDC will continue to provide technical support and standardization guidelines, adding that “it will also continue to firmly pursue its surveillance activities nationwide. The SGF urged the States to recognize the essence of a strong partnership and always allow overarching public interest to prevail. The PTF boss reminded all Nigerians that “in this battle, vigilance is required, self-preservation is important, collective action is necessary and compliance with guidelines is imperative. All these will help us prevent infection.” In his remark at the briefing, National Coordinator of PTF, Dr Sani Aliyu, dispelled several misconceptions about COVID-19 including rumours that hot weather is an antidote to the disease and that the virus was created as a biological weapon. He said: “No matter how sunny or humid the weather is, anybody can get COVID-19. Nigeria has recorded a total of over 5,000 cases to date irrespective of the fact that we are actually a hot country. “There is no scientific evidence to show that coronavirus cannot survive under hot weather.” He maintained that the only way to avoid the infection is by observing prescribed protocols such as social distancing, washing hands regularly, wearing face masks, among others. Aliyu also assured that people who recovered from the disease and no longer excrete the virus are safe, saying therefore that there is no need to stigmatize them. “Once you recover from COVID, the data is pretty robust that antibody levels are very likely to continue to ensure immunity for some years,” he asserted. He also warned people not to ingest bleach of ethanol as a way to cure or prevent the disease as he advised that the substances can kill.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: 950 More Nigerian Children Under Five Could Die Daily Without Urgent Action ― UNICEF
It has been observed that unless urgent actions are taken, an additional 950 Nigerian children, mostly under-five years, could die daily from preventable causes over the next six months as the COVID-19 pandemic disrupts routine services and threatens to weaken the health system… Read full story WHO Warns Coronavirus May Never Go Away As Toll Nears 300,000
The coronavirus may never go away and populations will have to learn to live with it just as they have HIV, the World Health Organization has warned, as the global death toll from the disease nears 300,000. There were also gloomy forecasts from the US Federal Reserve, which said prolonged shutdowns to stem… Read full story COVID-19: When Eye Glasses Become Important
SCIENTISTS are still deep in the research process of uncovering all the ways in which COVID-19 can be transmitted. Now, in a new study, researchers at the University of Hong Kong have found eyes are ‘important route’ for coronavirus. The findings are challenging the widely held assumption in the earliest stages of the… Read full story Why We Rejected Zoom Meeting With FG —ASUU President
The president of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, has explained why the union refused to hold meeting via Zoom platform with the Federal Government’s representatives, saying such meeting would not yield any tangible result as it would be difficult to control… Read full story How 13 Members Of Crime Group, Shila Boys, Landed In Adamawa Police Net
Thirteen members of a crime group in Adamawa State known as Shila Boys were on Wednesday, May 13, paraded after they were arrested for attacking residents of the state. The newly-established Task Force to fight against crime in the state arrested the 13 members and recovered weapons as well as tricycles… Read full story Why FG Should Stop Working Against Domestic Airlines
If there is anything that is standing for the governments in places like America, Europe, Asia and Middle East and other developed nations of the world, that thing is patriotism and the over protectionism policy of the governments of these nations when it comes to their own things… Read full story Six Opposition Party Members Arrested For Distributing Face Masks In Cameroon Market
Six members of Cameroon’s opposition party, the Cameroon Renaissance Movement (MRC), have been arrested for distributing face masks and hand sanitisers in the capital, Yaoundé. The six men were picked up at the Mokolo market, one of the largest in the country… Read full story Pandemics In History: Was Nigeria Prepared For Covid-19? (2)
LAST week, some patients who had been isolated from the rest of society on account of coronavirus infection in Gombe State reportedly vacated the Federal Teaching Hospital in Gombe, the state capital, to protest the poor state of facilities and treatment. Earlier, patients in the Kwadom Infectious Disease Hospital in the… Read full story COVID-19 Isn’t Just A Respiratory Disease, It Affects The Whole Body
The patient had been relatively fine for the first 10 days he was down with COVID-19. Just 38, he didn’t fit the description of people at high risk of complications from the new coronavirus. “He had mild pulmonary symptoms that he was just sitting at home with,” said Dr Sean Wengerter, a vascular surgeon in Pomona… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Protests By Covid-19 Patients In Gombe
LAST week, some patients who had been isolated from the rest of society on account of coronavirus infection in Gombe State reportedly vacated the Federal Teaching Hospital in Gombe, the state capital, to protest the poor state of facilities and treatment. Earlier, patients in the Kwadom Infectious Disease Hospital in the… Read full story How Children Were Separated During Playtime In ‘Chalk Isolation Boxes’ As Schools Resume In France
Some heart-breaking photographs of nursery school children forced to play in ‘isolation sections’ in French schools have caused shock and outrage, the Daily Mail of UK has reported. The photos, taken in the town of Tourcoing on the border with Belgium, show boys and girls forced to stay away from each other inside areas… Read full story Ooni Of Ife To Partner Afe Babalola Varsity To Produce Drugs, Vaccines For Coronavirus, Others
The Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, has concluded plans to partner with Afe Babalola University Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD) on a clinical research aimed at developing drugs and vaccines for viral infections with special focus on coronavirus pandemic… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!