 FROM the South to the North, the leadership of the Muslim ummah in the country have weighed options on the manner of Eid-el-Fitr celebrations this year amidst the coronavirus pandemic. The umbrella body of Muslims in the South-West, the Muslim Ummah of South West Nigeria (MUSWEN), stated that from the look of things, it is unlikely that prayers will be observed on Eid grounds in the zone on Eid Day to celebrate the end of Ramadan fast. This is just as the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), under the leadership of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, issued a fatwa regarding this year’s Eid-el-Fitr prayer. Under the fatwa, the JNI suspended Eid-el-Fitr congregation in the outskirts of towns and cities and asked that the celebratory prayer be observed at home with family members or alone, as the case may be. MUSWEN, in a statement by its executive secretary, Professor Muslih Yahya, called on the faithful to join the rest of the ummah in the country in looking out for the crescent of Shawwal shortly before Maghrib today, which is 29th Ramadan 1441. In the statement, the body said its skepticism on observing prayers on eid grounds was informed by the current social distancing regulations put in place by governments in South West states as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This notwithstanding, MUSWEN urged all Muslims to put on their best dresses on the Eid Day as recommended by authentic traditions of the Prophet Muhammad and stay safely at home to mark this year’s Eid al-Fitr. It also advised Muslims to give out Zakat ul-Fitr to the poor on behalf of every member of the family on the eve of the Eid Day or after the Fajr prayer of the Eid Day and shortly before the usual time for the Eid prayer. Zakat ul-Fitr, MUSWEN stated, should be given out on a per-person basis in grains popular for food in the area such as rice, beans, maize and millet or other staple food items such as gari. MUSWEN said: “The leadership and Management of MUSWEN and the entirety of the Ummah in the South West of Nigeria join the President-General of the Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), His Eminence the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, CFR, mni, in felicitating with the entire Ummah of Islam in Nigeria and all over the world on the approach of Eid-el-Fitri marking the end of Ramadan 1441. “Indeed the Ramadan of this year has been extremely challenging for the Ummah. It has been the will of Allah to test how resolute and determined we can be in seeking to reach one another as one Ummah and try to please Him, Subhanahu wa Ta’ala as our Creator. “A reflection over the circumstances and the atmosphere of the COVID-19 pandemic would show that the Ummah has a great deal of reasons to thank Allah for His mercy. “Therefore, we have every reason to celebrate the Eid to the best of our ability, but with a great deal of caution and vigilance, and with Eman (faith) and Taqwa (being mindful of Allah). We beseech Him SWT, to overlook our human inadequacies and have more mercy on us. “In the light of all this, MUSWEN wishes to issue the following guidelines and make some observations: “Muslims in the South West should join the rest of the Ummah in Nigeria in looking out for the crescent of Shawwal shortly before Maghrib of Friday 29th Ramadan 1441, equivalent to 22nd May 2020, communicate any sighting to MUSWEN on 08033579545 or 08096898432 but wait patiently for a formal announcement of the exact day of Eid by the President-General of the Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs. Allah says: ‘And hold fast to the rope of Allah, all of you together, and be not disunited….’ (Qur’an 3:103) “From the look of things, it is not likely that the current social distancing regulations put in place by governments in the States in the South West of Nigeria, necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic would be relaxed by Eid day, consequently it is not likely that observance of Eid prayers at the Eid Prayer grounds would be possible. “However, all Muslims are urged to put on their best dresses on the Eid day as recommended by authentic traditions of the Prophet (SAW), but stay safely at home marking the Eid Day with the family, in view of the movement restrictions necessitated by the pandemic.. “On the eve of the Eid day or after the Fajir prayer of the Eid Day and shortly before the usual time for the Eid prayer, Zakat el-Fitri is expected to be given out to the poor on behalf of every member of the family, from infant to the oldest person, male or female. “The measure of Zakat el-Fitr per person is four measures of the ‘mudun-Nabiy’  (the prophetic measure) which has been approximated to about  14 usual milk-tins known in most markets of South West Nigeria, in grains popular for food in the area  such as rice, beans, maize and  millet or other staple food item such as gari. Rice and gari, however, seem to have a great deal of acceptance in south-west Nigeria. “Similarly, although food items as mentioned above are preferable, some scholars have no objection to monetisation, if one calculates the monetary value of the measures of the various items mentioned above. “For example, from the current market value of rice, in most markets the sum of about N700 (seven hundred Naira only) is calculated as the monetary equivalent to be given out for Zakat el-Fitr per person in the South West of Nigeria this year. “After giving out the Zakat el-Fitr, it is not forbidden for an individual or the family to observe at home the two-Rak’ah Nafl (supererogatory) Eid prayer. “We ask Allah to preserve us to witness many more months of Ramadan in better conditions.” A statement by the Secretary–General of JNI, Dr Khalid Abubakar Aliyu, stated that the organisation’s fatwa on the observance of the Eid-el-Fitr prayer is a product of a mandate given to its Fatwa Committee under the leadership of Sheikh Sheriff Ibrahim Saleh Alhusainy, in view of the COVID-19 pandemic and the serious threat it poses to life. However, the organisation said in states where governments have reached concrete decisions to observe the Eid-el-Fitr prayer, based on their medical experts’ advice, strictest measures of distancing, face masks and use of sanitiser should be taken to protect worshipers. It said that in this case, “neighbourhood mosques can be utilised if it becomes necessary.” The statement added: “Ulama should fear Allah, the Most High and be matured enough in guarding their utterances and actions for the overall interest of the deen and the Ummah. “Nigerian Muslims are, therefore, called upon to reflect their minds to the good virtues of the month of Ramadan and keep to its teachings all through their respective lives, as the Lord of Ramadan is still and shall remain The Lord of other months, Who, above all, keeps the records of our actions and inaction. More so, Muslims are reminded to keep to the ordinances of the Glorious Qur’an, for the prestige of the Muslim Ummah. “JNI wishes all Muslim faithful an accepted Ramadan fast and successful Eid-el-Fitr. “In the same vein, Muslims are urged not to forget the Sitta-Shawwal, i.e. the six-days recommended fasting, that follows Ramadan fasting as recommended by the Prophet Muhammad (SAW). “While wishing us all Allah’s pardon in these sacred days and after, we pray fervently for an accepted Ramadan fasting as well as the Eid.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING WHO Considers Madagascar’s COVID Organics For Clinical Observation
The World Health Organisation (WHO) is considering Madagascar’s COVID Organics for clinical observation process. The President of Madagascar, Andry Rajoelina made this known on Wednesday, saying that he and the Director-General of WHO, Tedros Ghebreyesus, had a successful interaction on COVID Organics… Read full story ‘Why Madagascar Herbal Medicine For COVID-19 May Not Be Fake’
CHAIRMAN, Research and Development Committee on the Oyo State and University of Ibadan collaboration on the development of herbal remedies for COVID-19, Professor Oluwasegun Ademowo has said that although the ‘COVID Organic’, Madagascar herbal medicine recorded its first death on Saturday… Read full story Nationwide Blackout Looms As Electricity Workers Threaten Strike
A nationwide blackout is imminent as electricity workers, under the aegis of National Union of Electricity Employees (NUEE), have vowed to down tool if the Police and other security operatives continue to lay siege at their offices across the federation as witnessed early Wednesday morning… Read full story OAU Gets Full Accreditation For Law, Dentistry, Others
The National Universities Commission (NUC) has approved the full accreditation for the faculties of Law, Dentistry, Basic Medical Sciences, Social Sciences and Science at the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile Ife. The confirmation was made known to Tribune Online in a press release signed by the university’s Public… Read full story COVID-19: NLC Inaugurates Situation Room To Protect Jobs
The Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Kaduna branch has inaugurated a situation room in order to protect workers from losing their jobs following the outbreak of COVID-19 in the country. The state chairman, comrade Ayuba Magaji Suleiman, said the same committee was inaugurated at the national body… Read full story N7.65bn Fraud: Kalu Begins Freedom Battle June 2
The Federal High Court in Lagos has fixed June 2 to hear a motion on notice seeking the freedom from prison of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, a former Abia State governor. The motion will be heard by Justice Mohammed Liman. Orji is serving a 12-year jail term at the Correctional Service Centre in Kuje, Abuja for looting… Read full story Buhari Sacks Uwakwe As NECO Registrar Over Corrupt Allegations
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the termination of the appointment of Prof Charles Uwakwe as the Registrar/Chief Executive of the National Examinations Council (NECO). Also, four management staff of the council were dismissed from service for various offences… Read full story Man Who Operated Illegal Bureau De Change And Swindled Customer Of N6m Jailed Seven Years
A man who operated an illegal bureau de change in Kaduna for two years and swindled a customer of his money to the tune of N6.1 million was on Wednesday jailed seven years without an option of fine. Justice Peter Mallong of the Federal High Court, Kaduna, sentenced the man, Sadiq Mustapha, to seven years… Read full story (GRAPHIC CONTENT): 60-Year-Old Kills 57-Year-Old Wife ‘For Having Affairs With Another Man’
A 60-year-old man, Yikatey Somatey, has been arrested for killing his wife at Gando near Nyanyema, a suburb of the Sawla-Tuna Kalba District of the Savannah region in Ghana after he accused her of having affairs with another man. The suspect accused his wife, Bora Bonbiatey 57, of cheating on him by having affairs… Read full story Hospitals’ Constant Rejection Of The Sick
A few days ago at the press briefing of the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19, the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, complained about the poor hospital attendance by pregnant women, nursing mothers and outpatients,as revealed by recent official statistics. Hospital visits by these categories of… Read full story Pawpaw Seeds Aid Treatment Of Cancer, Ulcer, Infections, Others —Studies
RECENT studies have proven pawpaw seeds to possess a whole lot of medicinal benefits, apart from its nutritional value. According to a 2017 study published in the Journal of Pharamacognosy and Phytochemistry, Pawpaw extracts are effective against cancer because they are rich in the enzyme, papain, which… Read full story Makinde Names Retired General, Colonel As Amotekun Chairman, Commandant
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has appointed retired General Kunle Togun and retired Colonel Olayanju Bisiriyu Olayinka as chairman and commandant of the Oyo State Security Network, codenamed Amotekun. The governor, in a statement signed by his Special Assistant (Print Media) Moses Alao, indicated that the… Read full story Rivers State Govt Relaxes Lockdown In Port Harcourt And Obio/Akpor
Rivers State Government has suspended the total lockdown on Obio/Akpor and Port Harcourt Local Government Areas for six days, with effect from Thursday, May 21, 2020. Governor Nyesom Wike stated this today in a state-wide broadcast… Read full story COVID-19: Cleaning, Disinfecting Not The Same —Experts
IS Covid-19 making you worried if you are cleaning your home enough? So far, medical advice has focused mostly on the importance of frequent washing of hands with soap and flowing water, which is said to be the most effective protection against the new disease… Read full story  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING