He came into our house and asked my siblings to go outside. Suddenly, he grabbed my neck and I began to scream. Then he raped me.” These were the words of 10-year-old Mariam Mohammed who resides in the agrarian community of Ila Orangun in Osun State. Mariam was allegedly defiled by Fatai, a 28-year-old man popularly known as Gbodorogun (someone who carries mortar to warfront). Gbodorogun is a heavily built, short, dark-skinned man with wedge-shaped nose and sharp cheekbones. He is also known for functioning as a masquerader for one family house in Ila. It was alleged that Gbodorogun’s assault on Mariam was not a one-off incident. He has raped her on two previous occasions, it was gathered. The suspect allegedly first raped Mariam in 2019. The victim was said to have suffered temporary paralysis as a result of her encounters with her assailant. Her last encounter allegedly saw Gbodorogun use a leaf to wipe her private part after which she lost consciousness. Mariam was said to have excreted a black substance while she was being treated by a cleric, to whom her mother had taken her for spiritual healing.  He defiled and made my daughter ill –Victim’s mum “The last time he raped her, he used a leaf he got from a herbalist to wipe the blood. She lost consciousness that day after telling us about the incident, and that was the last time she spoke. When we rushed her to the hospital, the doctor advised us to seek spiritual help, saying her situation was beyond drugs or conventional treatment,” Mariam’s mother said. “I took my daughter to a cleric where she was treated. She regained consciousness after she excreted a black substance. We heard that this man has raped many other young girls and that he always asked his victims to first lie down on a white cloth,” she added. A resident who described himself simply as Azeez and claimed to be a neighbour to the victim said the suspect had repeatedly visited the apartment of the victim but her parents were not suspicious. He said: “Fatai is a very diabolical person. He functions as a masquerader, so the parents of the victim were afraid to challenge him after the girl told them several times about how he sexually abused her. Mariam is not his only victim. After the police arrested him, many people began to narrate their ordeals at his hand. But he was initially released and leaders of the community decided to seek justice for the victim.”  He threatened to kill me, curse my family ―Victim’s father Mariam’s father, Mr Sule Mohammed, said Fatai had been threatening to curse his family should the police re-arrest him for raping his daughter. “I noticed that Mariam couldn’t play with her peers again. She was nauseated all the time. I squared up to Fatai after the police released him from their custody. That led to a brawl between us. He came to my house in the evening of that day to curse my family. He said our claims were unfounded. “Fatai slept with my daughter about three times but each time we challenged him, he rained curses on my family. We tried to settle it amicably. The last time he assaulted my daughter, it was for ritual purposes but she was saved before it was too late,” Mr Mohammed said. The Osun State Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs Yemi Opalola, confirmed the suspect’s arrest, saying that he had canal knowledge of the victim in June and December 2019 before the latest act which he did on May 11, 2020. She said the suspect who was initially released had been rearrested and had been making confessional statements to the police. Further investigations, the PPRO said, were ongoing to establish the extent of his possible “unholy” acts with other minors in the community.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  FG Declares Monday, Tuesday Public Holidays To Eidul-Fitr Celebration
THE Federal Government has declared Monday, May 25 and Tuesday, May 26, 2020 as public holidays to mark this year’s Eidul-Fitr Celebration. Tribune Online reports that the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government in a statement made available to… Read full story Schools Will Reopen Soon But No Date ― FG THE Federal Government has disclosed that there are plans to soon reopen schools nationwide, saying, however, that this will not be done in two weeks as being speculated in some quarters. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made the clarification on Thursday during the Presidential Task Force on… Read full story NLC Decries Incessant Harassment Of Healthcare Workers By Security Agents
The Lagos State Council, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), has decried the recent harassment and intimidation of healthcare workers by security officers, including Nigeria Police in the state. The state Chairman, Mrs Agnes Sessi, expressed the concern at the inauguration of the union’s Labour-Civil Society Situation… Read full story Air Peace Announces Plans To Downsize, Stop Inflight Services On Resumption
Nigeria’s domestic airline, Air Peace has indicated plans to downsize once flight operations resume. The Chairman of the airline, Mr Allen Onyema who declared this during a webinar organised by Aelex partners with the theme: “Survival Strategies for Nigerian Airlines’, said the downsize will affect some of his workers even… Read full story Court Jails Man 26 Years For Abducting, Marrying, Impregnating 14-Year-Old Ese Oruru
A Federal High Court sitting in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State Capital, has convicted Yunusa Dahiru for the abduction of 14-year-old Ese Oruru and getting her pregnant in the process. The presiding judge, Justice Jane Inyang, sentenced Dahiru to 26 years imprisonment in a judgment she delivered on Thursday… Read full story Rising Inflation Puts CBN In Dilemma ― Uwaleke 
The rising inflation rate poses a challenge to monetary policy especially in the face of the need to stimulate economic activities through a lower interest rate environment and rescue the economy from recession. Uche Uwaleke, a professor of Finance at the Nasarawa State University who stated this in reaction to… Read full story VIDEO+PHOTOS: Man Lands His Helicopter At Filling Station To Fill The Tank
It was a strange moment in Poland when a man landed his helicopter at a filling station to fill up on gas before paying and flying off, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Thursday. Mobile phone footage of the scene shows stunned customers looking on as the pilot landed his chopper to a petrol pump at the station in… Read full story WHO Reviewing Impact Of Trump’s Decision To Withhold Funding
The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Thursday said it was reviewing the impact of the decision of the United States President, Donald Trump, to withhold its funding to the organisation on its works and activities. Tribune Online reports that the WHO Country Representative in Nigeria, Dr. Fiona Braka regretted… Read full story How Lockdown Made Pregnant Woman To Die During Labour In Ogun
A pregnant woman, Mrs Waidat Adedeji, died on Thursday, at Ita-Otu General Hospital, Ibiade in Ogun Waterside Local Government Area of Ogun State during labour. Tribune Online learnt that the woman who fell into labour and was being taken to the hospital on a motorcycle by the rider along with one of her children… Read full story We’ve Spent N800 Million To Test 16,000 People For Coronavirus, Says Lagos Govt
Lagos State government on Thursday said it had expended about N800 million in carrying out 16,000 COVID-19 test in the state so far, disclosing that each of the test, which had been fully paid for, costs between N40,000 and N50,000. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Professor Akin Abayomi, made this known… Read full story Why Buhari Gives Appointment To Those He Knows —Kokori
Chief Ovie Frank Kokori, a former secretary general of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) and current stalwart of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, is worried by the rate of unending corruption, insecurity caused by herdsmen and kidnappers and issue… Read full story Customs Intercept N1.2bn Cannabis On Lagos Waters
Operatives of the Western Marine Command of Nigeria Customs Service(NCS) have intercepted drugs suspected to be Cannabis Sativa valued at N1,002,050,000 during a seagoing patrol on Lagos waters. The Controller of the command, Comptroller Olugboyega Peters, revealed this in a statement in Lagos on Thursday… Read full story Father And Son Surrender To Police After Killing Neighbour For Allegedly Sleeping With Wife
A father and his son have surrendered themselves to the police in Nasarawa State after killing their neighbour. Mr Henry Oboteh, a trado-medical doctor, who was said to be in his mid-50s, was killed by one Mr Collins, his son and his security guard on Wednesday, May 20, at Angwan Tiv in Masaka, for allegedly… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING