Kwara State police command has intercepted a lorry with registration number, Kaduna MKA 54 XL, conveying about 200 suspected almajiri into the state while 43 other almajiris were intercepted in Cross River and Ondo states. A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the Kwara State command, Ajayi Okasanmi in Ilorin on Saturday said that men of the police command, acting on intelligence report, intercepted a lorry driven by one Shehu Hashim of Manigi in Niger State, on the Kanbi/Oloru axis of Bode Sadu-Okoolowo Expressway on Saturday morning. During interrogation, the suspects said they were coming from Funtua, Katsina State. The statement added that the suspected almajirai had been escorted to a border town of Niger State where they would return to Katsina State. “Kwara State police command, acting on intelligence, intercepted a lorry, with registration number Kaduna MKA 54 XL, driven by one Shehu Hashim of Manigi in Niger State, conveying about 200 suspected almajirai on the Kanbi/Oloru axis of Bode Sadu-Okoolowo Expressway. “On interrogation, they were said be coming from Funtua in Katsina State. On the instruction of the Commissioner of Police, Kayode Egbetokun, the lorry and the 200 almajirai youths were escorted by fully armed policemen to the border of Niger and Kwara states from where they will return to Katsina State where they claimed they came from. The truck intercepted in Cross River State on Saturday was also sent back at the Gakem-Benue border town. Dr Betta Edu, the chairperson, Cross River COVID-19 Taskforce, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Calabar that in quick response, she ordered that the almajirai be taken back in the same trucks conveying them. She said the  trucks were intercepted by the Commissioner for Youths and Skills Acquisitions, Mr Signor Idiege, with a team of security operatives on enforcing the ”No Entry” directive of the government at the border. She said Idiege also sent an escort to move with the trucks to ensure that they did not divert through any other route back to the state. “It is important for the Federal Government to support these people where they are rather than allow them move from one part of the country to the other. “Remember COVID-19 does not move but people move; so, if these people are coming from states that have the virus, of course, for us in Cross River, we do not want them here. “That is the only way we can reduce the number that is building every day and contain the virus,” she said. In a related development, Mr Rotimi Adeleye, the sector commander of the FRSC in Ondo told NAN on Saturday that it intercepted a truck conveying 13 young boys from outside the state into Akure, the state capital. Adeleye said that the patrol team of the corps promptly responded to the clarion call by a sensitive member of the public on the truck. “Our men intercepted the vehicle at the Federal University of Technology, Akure (FUTA) South gate junction on Saturday morning. “Today, our patrol team intercepted a truck conveying about 13 male youths from outside the state into Akure,’’ he said. According to him, the driver of the vehicle claimed he picked the boys on his way from Ibadan, Oyo State. The sector commander said the Nigeria Police and Ondo State COVID-19 Monitoring Team were invited and the boys were handed over to them. He said the Police and the state COVID-19 team, promised to lead them out of the state accordingly. (NAN)   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Fears Spread As North-West Records More Deaths
A huge harvest of deaths in North West states is spreading fear across other states in the country as COVID-19 continues its ravage. Reports from Jigawa, Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kano states have continued to reveal daily unexplained deaths in scores, fuelling fears that COVID-19 might be responsible for many of them… Read full story Travel Ban: ‘Infiltrators Will Be Sent Back Home, Won’t Be Allowed To Escape’ •Afenifere, Akintoye react •Human-animal transportation: Meat consumers in great danger —Health experts
THE security situation in Lagos State is reportedly being reviewed following the incessant influx of youths from the Northern part of the country into the state, despite the ban on inter-state movement, with the police saying they have designed new ways of stopping the violators… Read full story Another 42 Coronavirus Patients Discharged After Testing Negative In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday announced that 42 more coronavirus patients have been discharged from various isolation centres in the state, saying the patients comprised 22 males and 20 females, all Nigerians… Read full story Supreme Court Judgment Has Strengthened My Faith In Nigeria, Says Senator Kalu
Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, whose conviction for alleged financial sleaze was quashed by the apex court on Friday has said the judgment has strengthened his faith in the country and its judicial system. Senator Kalu in a statement he personally signed said the events of the past five months has enriched… Read full story How Awo Would Have Tackled Nigeria’s Current Crises —Associates •Adebanjo, Akintoye, Okurounmu speak on 33 years without sage
AS family, friends, associates and Nigerians worldwide mark 33 years of the transition of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, today, some of his associates have looked at the current travails the country faces, declaring that an Awo leadership would have made a positive difference… Read full story COVID-19: States’ Treatment Centres Running Out Of Bed Spaces ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has alerted that treatment centres in states of the federation are running out of bed spaces as more confirmed cases of the disease manifest around the country. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who revealed… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Cases To Reach 120,000 In Lagos By July ― Health Commissioner
Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi has projected an alarming surge into the number of COVID-19 cases in the state between July and August of this year. According to him, the number of cases from the disease in the state might hit 120, 000 as the virus is expected to reach its peak between… Read full story Coronavirus Spreading Through Men’s Semen, Remote ― Experts
Nigerian experts have explained why it is remotely impossible for coronavirus, the germs that cause COVID-19 infection, to be sexually transmitted even as Chinese doctors warned that coronavirus can persist in men’s semen even after they have begun to recover… Read full story PHOTOS: Two Die As Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames, Razes Shops, Cars In Ibadan
No fewer than two persons died when a fuel-laden tanker went up in flames at Moniya area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Friday. The tanker conveying diesel lost control while descending the slope beside a filling station at Moniya, crushing a vehicle travelling to Ogbomoso… Read full story Ex-Lagos Dep Gov, Other Returnees From UK Stranded At Lagos Airport, Threaten To Leave Without Quarantine
The 253 Nigerians who were flown into Nigeria from the United Kingdom through the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Lagos, were neglected for hours by the Federal Government on Friday. For over six hours, they were left under the sun at the tarmac, waiting for the aircraft that was expected be dispatched by the foreign… Read full story Ogun Extends Lockdown By Another One Week
Ogun State government has extended the lockdown order in the state by another one week due to increase in the number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in the state. Governor Dapo Abiodun, while addressing newsmen on the activities of his administration in curbing further spread of COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story British Airways Bringing Nigerian Returnees Insisted On Landing In Lagos, Says Minister
Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey Onyeama, has said Nigeria was helpless in the deal it reached with the British Airways for the evacuation of Nigerian nationals from the United Kingdom. He made the revelation on Friday at the daily media briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read full story  CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!