A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Chief Charles Idahosa, in this interview conducted online, speaks on the controversy trailing the mode of primary election to be adopted in selecting the party’s governorship candidate in the state, among other issues.  What is your position on the thorny issue of governorship primary in Edo APC? On the issue of direct or indirect primary, it is very clear that primary is a domestic issue of a political party. There is a Supreme Court judgment on that. I think (Adams) Oshiomhole is just out to do a lot of destruction just like he did in Zamfara and other states. What surprises me most is that all the leaders of the party are just waiting for him to destroy the fabrics of democracy in the APC. Why they are doing that I don’t know. When people try to change story to suit them, it is very painful. Everybody is aware that on the issue of Edo State, Oshiomhole is a principal actor. In fact, he is an interested party in this matter. He wants Obaseki out at all costs, even though the majority believes that the governor has performed well. Oshiomhole was governor when Obaseki contested the governorship primary in 2016. The method used was indirect primary and it was held at the Ogbeh Stadium, supervised by Oshiomhole himself. I remember that the people with Oshiomhole now were abusing him, telling him that he was influencing the outcome of the primary because he wanted Obaseki to win. There was no COVID-19 then but he used indirect primary. Why is he now calling for direct primary at a time we are all trying to stop the spread of coronavirus in the state? (John) Odigie-Oyegun has spoken and he advised that Oshiomhole should excuse himself. When he was the national chairman of the party, Oyegun never supported Obaseki but he did not interfere in the process. He did not disturb Oshiomhole from doing whatever he wanted to do then. So, what is it that is so special about Oshiomhole that nobody wants to stop him?  There are insinuations that Governor Obaseki and those loyal to him are afraid of direct primary which is why they are against it. How will you respond to that? In Edo State, we don’t care if it is direct primary or indirect. What we are saying is the fairness. If Oshiomhole is involved, whether direct or indirect, there is going to be problem because he is biased and he is a major part of the crisis rocking Edo APC today. He should explain to the world how he brought Obaseki in as APC candidate in 2016. Was it not through indirect primary? Now he wants all of us to go and crowd ourselves in all our local governments just because he wants Obaseki out at all costs? The reason he is insisting on direct primary is because it is very easy to manipulate. I have a very good example. I contested the governorship primary with Oshiomhole in 2007. He was barely 10 days old in the Action Congress (AC) then and I defeated him hands down. But what happened? They changed the result. These were results brought from different locations so it was very easy for the people at the party headquarters to change them. Those who did the injustice are alive and they have apologised to me.  What gives you the impression that Oshiomhole will not be fair in supervising the primary? The situation has been revealed to us by the Deputy National Chairman (North), Lawal Shuaibu, who said last week that Oshiomhole personally constituted the screening committees for both the governorship and senatorial elections, as well as the final appeals committee, all in violation of the extant constitutional provisions of the party vesting the power in NEC. He said Oshiomhole also made himself the chairman of the appeals committee so that he could have the final say. I repeat, we are not afraid of direct or indirect primary, but we are concerned about fairness. If Oshiomhole is allowed to be a judge in his own case, there will be no fairness. That is all we are saying. Oshiomhole should excuse himself from the primary in order to ensure justice and fairness. That is our position. We will not fold our arms and allow Edo to go to the opposition with what Oshiomhole is doing. That was how Oshiomhole harassed Governor Samuel Ortom until the man left the APC and contested under PDP. Today, he remains the governor of Benue om PDP’s platform. Is that what a national chairman who knows his onions should be wishing for? We are tired of Oshiomhole’s lies and antics. A few days ago, he was asked what his problem with Obaseki was and he said he had no problem with the governor; that he only wanted him to carry everybody along. Meanwhile, he was busy organising mock primary that later resulted in violence. As a former governor, he is not concerned about assisting the government in finding solution to the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. All he is concerned with is how to deny Obaseki a second term. We are waiting for him. Let’s see how that is going to be possible. The insinuation out there is that Oshiomhole is doing all this not just because of Obaseki but because he and a few people want to kill APC in the South-South. They want to weaken it so that the party dies when President (Muhammadu) Buhari is leaving and then they will float a new political party. I am one of those who founded this party from the defunct AC, so I know what is going on.  If Oshiomhole used indirect primary to produce Obaseki, as you said, why do you think he is insisting on direct primary now? When you see a man that speaks from both sides of his mouth with ease, then that man cannot be trusted. I have always said that Oshiomhole is not competent to be the national chairman of a political party and he has proven me right on many occasions that he is unfit to lead this party or any other party. I was ashamed of him as his former political adviser when he was lying on national television recently. When the reporter asked him about his opinion on a bill at the House of Representatives barring Nigerians from going abroad for medical treatment, Oshiomhole replied that he was in support of the bill. The reporter then asked him, ‘Have you ever travelled abroad for medical treatment?’ Oshiomhole said no. When the reporter probed him further, he now capitulated and said yes. We know Oshiomhole very well. As governor of Edo State, he was going abroad for medical treatment. By that, Oshiomhole was indirectly indicting President Buhari, knowing full well that the president, during his first term, was away for almost seven months because of health issue. When Oshiomhole’s mother fell in a mosque, he took her abroad for treatment. Oshiomhole then ordered his special assistant on protocol, John Akhigbe, who is now the chairman of Etsako Central Local Government Area, to go and stay in a nearby hotel to watch over his mother who was being treated in a private hospital. Her mother who only fell in a mosque, whose legs were not broken, stayed in the hospital for months. When I heard the mother was in London, I called Oshiomhole and I told him I would be going to London. He said I should call Akhigbe to give me the name of the hospital and I went there to visit the woman. But this same man sat on national television lying to Nigerians that he had never gone for treatment abroad when his mother who only fell went to London. He went to the party secretariat with a few of his loyalists who called themselves NWC and said they had taken a decision. We are waiting for the official announcement in Edo so that we know what to do. All he busies himself with from morning till night is how to remove a governor who is performing to the admiration of all. We are not going to allow him have his way.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING FG Plans Staggered Re-Opening Of Schools
THE Federal Government has revealed that it may stagger re-opening of schools across the country as it plans to roll out comprehensive measures for safety. Minster of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made this known on Wednesday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19: Longest Viability Period Of Virus In Patient Is 10 Days — NCDC
The longest viability period of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) patient would be 10 days, according to a new study by infectious diseases experts in Singapore. The Director-General of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, disclosed this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) media… Read full story Cold: Why You Must Test For COVID-19 At Once
WHEN the coronavirus pandemic first emerged, public health officials told the world to watch out for its telltale symptoms: fever, dry cough and shortness of breath. But as the virus spread across the globe, researchers are getting a better understanding of how these symptoms: headache, chill or sore throat… Read full story CBN Governor, Investors And Parallel Market
THE virtual meeting that the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, had with investors last week where he pleaded with them to stop patronising black market operators for dollar purchases leaves much to be desired. Mr Emefiele had, at the meeting, stated: “We have seen your accounts… Read full story
COVID-19: 8,000 Workers Sacked In Anambra
About 8,000 staff members of a waste management company in Anambra State have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  This is coming as states have locked down their boundaries to stop the spread of the COVID-19.  Managing Director, Redivivus Industries Ltd., Mr Emeka Ajekwu, who… Read full story The World Of A Child With Autism
AGNES is five years old but is yet to speak in a meaningful way. She tends to use a limited number of words and often uses ‘you’ when she means to refer to herself, and then uses ‘I’ when referencing others.  Unlike the older two children of the family, Agnes is often pre-occupied with her own world, playing alone and does… Read full story What Passengers Should Expect Upon Flight Resumption —FAAN
AHEAD of resumption of flights at various airports across the country, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has announced that it has put arrangements in place regarding passenger facilitation and what to expect. Speaking during an aviation webinar organised by Women in Aviation (WIA), Nigeria, with… Read full story May 29: Buhari Betrayed Underprivileged Nigerians ― PDP
The opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has said that President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration has deserted, betrayed and abandoned underprivileged Nigerians. According to the Party, the President should note that the level of despondency he has bequeathed the nation in the last five years of his… Read full story CBN Reduces Interest Rates On Microfinance, Mortgage Bank Facilities From 9% To 5%
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has reduced interest rates on its facilities through participating Other Financial Institutions (OFIs) from 9 per cent to 5 per cent per annum for one year effective March 1, 2020. This is part of efforts to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus on households… Read full story Why Amotekun Will Fail In 5 States ― Alao-Akala
Former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Wednesday said the joint security network code-named Amotekun recently launched by the South-West governors would fail in five states. He said the appointment of retired military officers as directors-general of Amotekun corps in those states except… Read full story ‘Infant Formulas On Sale In Nigeria, High In Arsenic, Toxic Substance’
INFANT formulas sold in Nigeria are useful alternatives to breast milk in many circumstances but may pose health risks to infants and children due to contamination by potentially toxic metals, a study has said.  In the study published in the 2020 Sultan Qaboos University Medical Journal, scientists tested different brands of … Read full story Lagos Announces Plan To Replace Okada, Tricycle By July 
Lagos State government has announced plans to replace banned Okada and tricycle with First Mile and Last Mile (FMLM) mobility solution. The transportation commissioner, Frederick Oladeinde made this known at the 2020 ministerial press briefing held in Lagos… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING