Every so often it’s good to revisit words of wisdom from one of America’s most successful business leaders, Truett Cathy, founder of Atlanta-based Chick-fil-A. This remarkable man came up with this provocative way of explaining success: “It’s easier to succeed than to fail.” That’s the title of his first book, written a quarter-century ago, giving insights into how he built the second largest fast-food chicken chain in the country. It all began in 1946 with one small restaurant near the old Ford plant in Hapeville. And Cathy insisted from the outset that his restaurants be closed on Sunday “as our way of honoring God and of directing our attention to things that mattered more than our business.” That tells it all in terms of his commitment to his principles. Even while building his business, Cathy taught a Sunday school class of 13-year-old boys, undoubtedly a source for his second book, “It’s Better to Build Boys Than Mend Men.” The basis of “It’s Easier to Succeed Than to Fail” was a college graduating class to which Cathy spoke years ago. Later, a graduate wrote to ask Cathy for an explanation of his assertion about success and failure. Cathy replied that it’s easier to succeed than to fail because: “Failure exacts a high price in terms of time when you have to do a job over. “Success eliminates the agony and frustration of defeat. “Money spent to fail must be spent again to succeed. “A person’s credibility decreases with each failure, making it harder to succeed the second time. “Joy and expressions of affirmation come from succeeding, whereas feelings of discouragement and discontent accompany failure.” Cathy offered “three keys to success that work for all people under every circumstance.” They are: Expanding on those keys, Cathy lists other steps for business success on his website. One especially resonates: “Never lose a customer.” Whether delivering newspapers as a boy or running his restaurants later, Cathy said, “I have found that the most effective way of promoting my business didn’t cost me anything but a little kindness to my customers.” Cathy adds to that on his website: “Nearly every moment of every day we have the opportunity to give something to someone else — our time, our love, our resources — and I have always found more joy in giving when I did not expect anything in return.” It’s easy to see why, for Truett Cathy, “It’s easier to succeed than to fail.” Not only in business, but in all aspects of life.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING South-West Attorney Generals Meet, To Harmonise Region’s Laws
The Attorney Generals of the six South-West states held their first virtual meeting since the coronavirus pandemic and deliberated on issues pertaining to the effective administration of justice in the region. The meeting which was facilitated by the Ekiti State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Olawale Fapohunda… Read full story COVID-19: Inter-State Lockdown Breaks Down
There is a brewing anxiety over apparent breakdown of the lockdown and restriction of interstate movement of non-essential persons and goods ordered by the Federal Government to curb the spread of coronavirus. The development has reportedly resulted in the spike of virus cases in some states, particularly Lagos and Ogun… Read full story Anxiety Over Retirement Age For National Assembly Clerk, Others
MOVE by the Clerk of the National Assembly (CNA), Mohammed Sani-Omolori and certain senior officials to extend their service beyond the statutory 35 years may have hit the rocks, Sunday Tribune can authoritatively reveal. Investigations revealed that banking on a controversial amendment, ‘Retirement age and… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to visit him during the… Read full story FG Pays April Allowances To N-Power Beneficiaries
The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on Saturday disclosed that it has concluded payment of April stipends to all the N-Power beneficiaries across the country. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar… Read full story UK COVID-19 Deaths Rise To 36,675 After Another 282 Patients Die
Another 282 COVID-19 patients have died in Britain as of Friday afternoon, bringing the total coronavirus-related death toll in the country to 36,675, British Transport Secretary, Grant Shapps, said on Saturday. The figures include COVID-19 related deaths in all settings such as hospitals, care homes and the… Read full story Develop Creative Industry For Stronger Economy, Chinese Envoy Advises FG
A Chinese envoy to Nigeria, Mr Li Xuda, told the Federal Government on Saturday to focus more on developing the creative industry to fortify Nigeria’s economy. Tribune Online reports that Xuda who is the Cultural Counsellor of the Embassy of the People’s Republic of China gave the advice at a zoom meeting… Read full story Amaechi’s Theory Of Nigerian Politicians And Their Monkeys
AWAY from the ravages of COVID-19 and the dispiriting news of multiple infections and rising deaths, the interview granted by Nigeria’s Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, to the Punch newspaper made an interesting reading. In the interview, Amaechi revealed a lot about himself, the nature of Nigerian politics… Read full story Two Young Men Arrested By Amotekun For Allegedly Stealing Five Female Panties In Osun
Two men who specialised in stealing female panties for ritual purposes in Osun State were on Saturday, May 23, arrested after they were found with five female panties. The two men were arrested at the Kajola Ajaba community in the Ila Orangun area of the state by the newly-created security network in the state… Read full story COVID-19: Saudi Arabia To Quarantine Banknotes, Coins Up To 20 Days
Saudi Arabia will quarantine banknotes and coins it receives from local and foreign sources for a period of 14 to 20 days as a precautionary measure to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, according to the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!