Ademola Adesina is the co-founder and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Rensource, a leading provider of merchant infrastructure to SMEs in Nigeria. In this interview with NIYI OYEDEJI, he speaks on how the organisation is helping SMEs to navigate their ways amidst the current pandemic.  WHEN was your business established? Rensource is Nigeria’s leading provider of critical merchant infrastructure. We do this by building and operating solar-based microutilities in economic clusters such as markets and providing tools and services to support the digitalization and productivity growth of these SMEs. Prior to starting Rensource, I worked globally in investment banking and then business development – building or turning around early and growth stage enterprises on behalf of institutional investors. I began my career in the financial derivatives team at JP Morgan,  before taking up roles at Capricorn Investment Group, the Skoll Foundation, Aquifer and the Rockefeller Foundation, as a founding member of the Innovation for Development & Impact Investing initiatives team. This later evolved into the Global Impact Investing Network. I have lived and worked in Africa, the USA and Europe. Rensource began commercial operations in 2016 initially providing power-as -a-service (Paas) solar hybrid systems where customers pay to use and not own. In 2018, we pivoted to B2B, launching Nigeria’s first solar microutility project at the Sabon Gari Market in Kano, Nigeria. Rensource was the recipient of The Financial Times / IFC Transformational Business Award for Climate and Urban Infrastructure Solutions in 2019.  What inspired you to establish Rensource? There are many economic and social benefits to improving access to power across Sub-Saharan Africa. Nigeria, with a population of more than 200million people, has untapped potential in economic development but up to 40% of the nation does not access power via the national grid. Those that do are faced with low transmission capacity – 30 watts per person compared to the global average of 900 watts per person. Nigeria is also one of the largest decentralized energy markets in the world and home to an abundance of markets where many small and medium sized enterprises operate sub optimally due to the difficulties of accessing reliable power. We believe that by powering productive use cases in our markets, we are enabling SMEs focus on their core businesses and grow. This also has a knock on impact on their families and communities.  Tell us about your newly launched platform? Merchlist is a digital platform that helps small and medium-sized retailers get discovered quickly while enabling servicing and fulfillment of customer orders online. With so many businesses impacted by the unanticipated global pandemic, this is a solution to keep SMEs viable during the lockdown.  What do you want to achieve with Merchlist? We want to maintain the connection between consumers and businesses, to minimise the operating challenges presented by the lockdown, and then beyond. Our mission as a company has always been to enable access to critical services: initially to energy, and now through the supply chain. When considering why it is so difficult for SMEs to maintain their businesses in the long term, you quickly realise that a lot of it is to do with the amount of time they spend on things that are not core to their main business activities – trying to ensure they have power, marketing, logistics, and so on – generally coordinating activities that are distracting. Our aim is to remove some of those burdens so they can focus on gaining traction and growing.  How do you think this platform would be beneficial to SMEs in this lockdown period and beyond? For SMEs who don’t have an online presence, this is a way to access the online retail space. For those SMEs who rely on people coming into their store to purchase from them, being listed on a platform that takes care of their orders and deliveries helps mitigate disruption to their operations. This also potentially is a way for SMEs to combine their physical spaces with a steadily growing online retail market once the lockdown is eased.  What are the major challenges you’ve encountered since the launch of Merchlist? Our main focus over the last few weeks has been balancing out demand versus our structures and the learnings we are gaining. While the platform is still in beta, we work to ensure customers have the best experience possible so we continue to develop our processes and technology to ensure we maintain customer experience levels as demand grows.  How do you plan to navigate your way through these challenges? We continue to listen to customer feedback of their experience on the platform as well as continually adapting our technology and processes so that we offer an optimal experience at any given time.  Which other ways has your organisation been helpful to SMEs? We have waived the energy usage fee for two weeks in our markets even before the government ordered the lock down. During the lockdown, we have also provided free power to our merchants on the days there are open market hours. We have donated PPE and funds to governments and communities we are involved in and have also partnered with a number of NGOs to set up a fund for families of merchants who may be affected by the slowdown of business operations.  You can access the link to donate via the Merchlist homepage.  How do you think SMEs can stay viable in this lockdown period? We are seeing businesses innovate and pivot their offerings especially as their usual market may have shrunk or is difficult to fully serve at this time. SMEs need to consistently think creatively about what they offer as a business and evolve their solutions – finding new uses for existing capital and business collateral.  Finally, review your operations and improve processes where possible. These are adaptations that will sustain the business beyond this period.  What’s your advice for entrepreneurs out there? Being an entrepreneur is one of the most rewarding experiences. It is also extremely difficult. No one can prepare you for the amount of volatility involved. Many things will happen outside of your control – I advise trying to maintain focus on solving problems and moving forward at all times. COVID-19 is the rarity rather than the norm of business challenges but I think it is a great teacher in not just how to prepare for the absolute worst of situations but also how to innovate in a slightly different direction in order to survive.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING 30 Staff Members Of An Organisation In Ibadan Test Positive For Coronavirus
No fewer than 30 members of staff of an organisation in Ibadan have tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, confirmed this in a tweet on Saturday. He further disclosed that the state has recorded 31 new cases of coronavirus, bringing the total number of… Read full story Buhari Gets Madagascar Formula Against COVID-19
President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday at the State House, Abuja, received Covid Organic, the Madagascan native formulation against the COVID-19 pandemic. Samples of the solution were delivered to him by President Umaro Sissoco Embalo of Guinea Bissau who brought them along as part of the traditional medicine… Read full story Produce Chinese Doctors Within 48hrs, PDP Tells FG
Amidst denial over the whereabout of Chinese doctors who arrived Nigeria amidst public outcry, the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government a 48-hour ultimatum to declare the whereabouts of the Chinese medical team it brought… Read full story FG Defies Canada, Insists Air Peace Must Evacuate 319 Stranded Nigerians
The Federal Government has defied the Canada High Commission in Nigeria by insisting that Nigerian carrier, Air Peace which it had earlier designated, must evacuate the over 319 Nigerians stranded from the… Read full story US May Restore Funding To WHO ― Trump
US President Donald Trump said on Saturday his administration was considering numerous proposals about the World Health Organisation (WHO), including one in which Washington would pay about 10 per cent of its former level. In a posting on Twitter, Trump underscored that no final decision had been made and that… Read full story PHOTOS: Thousands Protest Germany’s Coronavirus Policies
Thousands of people across Germany demonstrated against coronavirus-related restrictions on Saturday, in some cases with far more participants showing up than had been approved. In the southern city of Munich, far more people than the 1,000 participants approved by the city wanted to demonstrate… Read full story COVID-19: States Adopt Austerity Measures To Tame Effects Of Pandemic
COVID-19’s attack on the Nigeria’s economy is multifaceted. China, the country from where the pandemic travelled to other parts of the globe, is the world’s largest crude oil importer. To contain the spread of the virus within its territory, China shut down its factories and restricted its nationals to their homes… Read full story The Conversations On Agboola Gambari
IF credentials and academic certificates/laurels approximated excellence, by now, applauses to President Muhammadu Buhari for his choice of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as the successor to the late Abba Kyari as his Chief of Staff should be reaching their crescendo. Rather, the high-caliber diplomat and academic… Read full story We Are In Support Of Yoruba, Biafra Admission Into UNPO —Middle Belt President
The national president, Middle Belt Forum, Dr Bitrus Pogu, in this interview with ISAAC SHOBAYO, speaks on the admission of the Biafra and the Yoruba nations by the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO) as its members and the controversies trailing the recognition, especially in the northern… Read full story ‘Why Doctrines Of Christian Denominations Differ’
Professor David Irefin, a professor at the Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi State, is also an archbishop of Brotherhood of Cross and Star. In this interview, he speaks about the difference between his church and other denominations. YEKINI JIMOH brings excerpts… Read full story Can Gambari Change @75?
PROFESSOR Ibrahim Agboola Gambari is one of the most dangerous public servants Nigeria has seen on the local and international scenes for about four decades now. As he was officially announced as new Chief of Staff to the President on Wednesday, I called a global diplomat with great concern for Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story What Marriage Has Done To My Life —Adekunle Gold
Popular alternative singer, Adekunle Gold may have travelled around the world, performed at some the biggest stages across Europe, including the 02 Arena, and emerged one of the most sought after Nigerian music stars. He may have had plenty of successes recorded in the last five years since he broke into the Nigerian… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE