Senator Suleiman Hunkuyi who represented Kaduna North Senatorial District in the 8th senate and six other members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who were suspended by the state chapter of the party for alleged anti-party activities have appealed their suspension. It would be recalled that the Felix Hassan Hyet-led caretaker Committee in had last week suspended them and set up a 7 man committee to look at the allegations levelled against them. In a joint appeal signed by Dr John Danfulani on behalf of other suspended members and addressed to the National Vice Chairman of the party was in pursuant to Section 61 (1) of the PDP Constitution, states that“ Any member of the Party who is aggrieved by a decision taken against him by any of the organs or officers of the Party shall have the right of appeal to the immediate higher organ of the Party within fourteen days of the decision”. According to the suspended members they were not given the opportunity to defend themselves and that the decision of the purported SWC of 16th May 2020 was untenable before the law in view of the fact that what is presently on ground in Kaduna State is a caretaker committee. The aggrieved members argued further that as a caretaker committee, it lacks powers to appoint/constitute a disciplinary committee not being an executive committee. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Nigeria records 245 new cases, total now 7,261 In another letter addressed to the Chairman of the 7-Man disciplinary committee and PDP Chairman Kaduna State Working Committee (SWC) through their lawyer, I.B. Ahmed and Co said his clients will not honour the invitation of the disciplinary committee, stressing that it is against subsisting court order and quarantine law set up by both the Federal and State government against any gathering. According to the letter which was received and acknowledged by the Secretary of the disciplinary committee Simon Arabo, the counsel to the suspended members urged the committee to take notice that; “you may be undermining the Order of the Court issued on the 19th March 2020 against the party to call for a meeting when you know that you will inescapably be discussing issues that are before the Court of law in suit No KDH/Z/78/2020 between Gambo Bala and 5 others vs the National Chairman, PDP and 6 others. “It will amount to contempt of court for you to write and for any person to attend a meeting to discuss issues or matter that is a subject of litigation pending before the court. “For the avoidance of doubt, Court Orders are meant to be obeyed and by virtue of section 287(3) of the 1999 constitution as amended, our clients (7 of them) are bound by interim Court Order of the High Court 1, Zaria issued on 19th March 2020.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  FG Declares Monday, Tuesday Public Holidays To Eidul-Fitr Celebration
THE Federal Government has declared Monday, May 25 and Tuesday, May 26, 2020 as public holidays to mark this year’s Eidul-Fitr Celebration. Tribune Online reports that the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government in a statement made available to… Read full story Schools Will Reopen Soon But No Date ― FG THE Federal Government has disclosed that there are plans to soon reopen schools nationwide, saying, however, that this will not be done in two weeks as being speculated in some quarters. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made the clarification on Thursday during the Presidential Task Force on… Read full story NLC Decries Incessant Harassment Of Healthcare Workers By Security Agents
The Lagos State Council, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), has decried the recent harassment and intimidation of healthcare workers by security officers, including Nigeria Police in the state. The state Chairman, Mrs Agnes Sessi, expressed the concern at the inauguration of the union’s Labour-Civil Society Situation… Read full story Air Peace Announces Plans To Downsize, Stop Inflight Services On Resumption
Nigeria’s domestic airline, Air Peace has indicated plans to downsize once flight operations resume. The Chairman of the airline, Mr Allen Onyema who declared this during a webinar organised by Aelex partners with the theme: “Survival Strategies for Nigerian Airlines’, said the downsize will affect some of his workers even… Read full story Court Jails Man 26 Years For Abducting, Marrying, Impregnating 14-Year-Old Ese Oruru
A Federal High Court sitting in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State Capital, has convicted Yunusa Dahiru for the abduction of 14-year-old Ese Oruru and getting her pregnant in the process. The presiding judge, Justice Jane Inyang, sentenced Dahiru to 26 years imprisonment in a judgment she delivered on Thursday… Read full story Rising Inflation Puts CBN In Dilemma ― Uwaleke 
The rising inflation rate poses a challenge to monetary policy especially in the face of the need to stimulate economic activities through a lower interest rate environment and rescue the economy from recession. Uche Uwaleke, a professor of Finance at the Nasarawa State University who stated this in reaction to… Read full story VIDEO+PHOTOS: Man Lands His Helicopter At Filling Station To Fill The Tank
It was a strange moment in Poland when a man landed his helicopter at a filling station to fill up on gas before paying and flying off, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Thursday. Mobile phone footage of the scene shows stunned customers looking on as the pilot landed his chopper to a petrol pump at the station in… Read full story WHO Reviewing Impact Of Trump’s Decision To Withhold Funding
The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Thursday said it was reviewing the impact of the decision of the United States President, Donald Trump, to withhold its funding to the organisation on its works and activities. Tribune Online reports that the WHO Country Representative in Nigeria, Dr. Fiona Braka regretted… Read full story How Lockdown Made Pregnant Woman To Die During Labour In Ogun
A pregnant woman, Mrs Waidat Adedeji, died on Thursday, at Ita-Otu General Hospital, Ibiade in Ogun Waterside Local Government Area of Ogun State during labour. Tribune Online learnt that the woman who fell into labour and was being taken to the hospital on a motorcycle by the rider along with one of her children… Read full story We’ve Spent N800 Million To Test 16,000 People For Coronavirus, Says Lagos Govt
Lagos State government on Thursday said it had expended about N800 million in carrying out 16,000 COVID-19 test in the state so far, disclosing that each of the test, which had been fully paid for, costs between N40,000 and N50,000. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Professor Akin Abayomi, made this known… Read full story Why Buhari Gives Appointment To Those He Knows —Kokori
Chief Ovie Frank Kokori, a former secretary general of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) and current stalwart of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, is worried by the rate of unending corruption, insecurity caused by herdsmen and kidnappers and issue… Read full story Customs Intercept N1.2bn Cannabis On Lagos Waters
Operatives of the Western Marine Command of Nigeria Customs Service(NCS) have intercepted drugs suspected to be Cannabis Sativa valued at N1,002,050,000 during a seagoing patrol on Lagos waters. The Controller of the command, Comptroller Olugboyega Peters, revealed this in a statement in Lagos on Thursday… Read full story Father And Son Surrender To Police After Killing Neighbour For Allegedly Sleeping With Wife
A father and his son have surrendered themselves to the police in Nasarawa State after killing their neighbour. Mr Henry Oboteh, a trado-medical doctor, who was said to be in his mid-50s, was killed by one Mr Collins, his son and his security guard on Wednesday, May 20, at Angwan Tiv in Masaka, for allegedly… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING