As the world limps toward recovery, many news headlines seem to suggest we should accept this reality as our “new normal,” as if the story is all bad and out of our control. The truth is, while the pandemic and resulting economic impact are certainly outside our grasp, how we respond to crisis isn’t—especially at the level of each organization, and what we decide to do next. At NLI, we believe this isn’t a time to build a new normal, but instead, a better normal. Why a better normal? First, because so much of what was happening in organizations wasn’t working already. And second, and this is the big point, this crisis is opening up what may be the most powerful opportunity of a lifetime to make big changes to how we work. For a short time after this event, while emotions are still running high, and so many things are on pause and therefore open to reinvention, leaders and all employees will be more willing to do things differently, take bigger risks with new ideas, and truly make the workplace different, than ever before. That said, it will be important to act quickly: Soon, emotions will subside and people will have settled into new ways of working, and will likely be less open to new ways of doing things.  So, how do you build a better normal? Stay okay day to day, Sustain the new pace of work, and Leverage the moment for the long term. These three strategies help ensure people are in the right frame of mind to accomplish daily tasks, maintain that energy week to week, and begin cultivating a new, lasting culture in the process. Let’s take a closer look at each element of this framework.  Stay okay day to day Change is highly disruptive and threatening in the brain. When we feel uncertain, helpless, and alone, our cognitive function suffers and we lose the ability to focus. It’s up to leaders to create buffers for themselves against threat, such as by creating routines and caps on news consumption, and send positive, threat-reducing signals to their team, through empathetic conversations and surprise doses of autonomy, as two examples. Without this one-to-one focus on keeping people okay day to day, no one will be in the right frame of mind to execute on a mid or long-term vision.  Sustain the new pace of work Over the past few weeks, we’ve been polling hundreds of talent leaders about the ways work has changed. In short, companies are doing things in days they thought would take months, and with much more humanity than ever before. Our poll data shows they also worry about keeping that magic around. Leaders can make the most of virtual work, which has been shown to be both cheaper and more productive, by holding “speedy meetings,” where 30- and 60-minute meetings get turned into 25 and 50 minutes. They may even consider moving to a 9/80 schedule with a three-day weekend every other week, to reward people’s new tendency to work longer hours with more periods of rest. With more care given to their cognitive capacity, they’ll be able to show up for work come Monday.  Leverage the moment for the long term These next few months are critical. On a cultural level, how leaders express—and commit to—their values will reverberate for years to come. On a more practical level, the motivation and energy surrounding this moment will eventually fade, and it will be that much harder later to shake people out of their old ways of working if leaders don’t make an investment now. Decide what’s important, and rally your teams to commit to those values, too. Over time, the companies that took steps early on to build richer, more human cultures will be far better positioned to succeed than those who merely coasted. It’s easy to look at change as pure disruption. But that also means everything that was once held sacred is now up for debate. If we can tap into people’s newfound energy to create something bigger and better than before, we can leave the worst parts of work behind to create a better normal for all of us. Now is the time we can all make our organizations better for humans. In the spirit of the moment, let’s be sure to follow the science.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING South-West Attorney Generals Meet, To Harmonise Region’s Laws
The Attorney Generals of the six South-West states held their first virtual meeting since the coronavirus pandemic and deliberated on issues pertaining to the effective administration of justice in the region. The meeting which was facilitated by the Ekiti State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Olawale Fapohunda… Read full story COVID-19: Inter-State Lockdown Breaks Down
There is a brewing anxiety over apparent breakdown of the lockdown and restriction of interstate movement of non-essential persons and goods ordered by the Federal Government to curb the spread of coronavirus. The development has reportedly resulted in the spike of virus cases in some states, particularly Lagos and Ogun… Read full story Anxiety Over Retirement Age For National Assembly Clerk, Others
MOVE by the Clerk of the National Assembly (CNA), Mohammed Sani-Omolori and certain senior officials to extend their service beyond the statutory 35 years may have hit the rocks, Sunday Tribune can authoritatively reveal. Investigations revealed that banking on a controversial amendment, ‘Retirement age and… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to visit him during the… Read full story FG Pays April Allowances To N-Power Beneficiaries
The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on Saturday disclosed that it has concluded payment of April stipends to all the N-Power beneficiaries across the country. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar… Read full story UK COVID-19 Deaths Rise To 36,675 After Another 282 Patients Die
Another 282 COVID-19 patients have died in Britain as of Friday afternoon, bringing the total coronavirus-related death toll in the country to 36,675, British Transport Secretary, Grant Shapps, said on Saturday. The figures include COVID-19 related deaths in all settings such as hospitals, care homes and the… Read full story Develop Creative Industry For Stronger Economy, Chinese Envoy Advises FG
A Chinese envoy to Nigeria, Mr Li Xuda, told the Federal Government on Saturday to focus more on developing the creative industry to fortify Nigeria’s economy. Tribune Online reports that Xuda who is the Cultural Counsellor of the Embassy of the People’s Republic of China gave the advice at a zoom meeting… Read full story Amaechi’s Theory Of Nigerian Politicians And Their Monkeys
AWAY from the ravages of COVID-19 and the dispiriting news of multiple infections and rising deaths, the interview granted by Nigeria’s Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, to the Punch newspaper made an interesting reading. In the interview, Amaechi revealed a lot about himself, the nature of Nigerian politics… Read full story Two Young Men Arrested By Amotekun For Allegedly Stealing Five Female Panties In Osun
Two men who specialised in stealing female panties for ritual purposes in Osun State were on Saturday, May 23, arrested after they were found with five female panties. The two men were arrested at the Kajola Ajaba community in the Ila Orangun area of the state by the newly-created security network in the state… Read full story COVID-19: Saudi Arabia To Quarantine Banknotes, Coins Up To 20 Days
Saudi Arabia will quarantine banknotes and coins it receives from local and foreign sources for a period of 14 to 20 days as a precautionary measure to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, according to the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!