The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) has commended Nigeria, the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC) for taking proactive and effective action against price gouging and other anti-consumer activities during the ongoing global Coronavirus pandemic. The global body gave the thumbs-up at a recent webinar titled ‘Competition and Consumer Protection in Times of COVID-19’, featuring top representatives from competition and consumer protection agencies from across the world. The webinar, designed to share ideas and experiences on managing e-commerce which had witnessed a spike in usage in the wake of the pandemic, also provided the opportunity for participants to discuss the increasing dependence on digital platforms for online shopping, virtual meeting and learning purposes in the wake of the pandemic. Participants argued that the growing influence of digital platforms constitutes a source of concern for consumers as well as consumer and competition law enforcersstill trying to adapt their enforcement tools and analysis to the new reality. The nation’s regulatory space, represented by Babatunde Irukera, Director General, Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC), was however recognised for its leadership role. This, the agency was said to have demonstrated by its early successive warnings against unfair practices and anti-market behaviour and also for its robust determination to enforce the law against any breaches. UNCTAD noted robust actions and positive outcomes in Nigeria, including a warning letter by FCCPC to sellers engaged in price gouging and arbitrary increases in prices of hygiene products during COVID-19 outbreak. The global body also described as significant, Jumia’s decision to sweep its platform and delist 360 products belonging to 168 sellers of hand sanitizers and face masks from its platform for price gouging in response to regulatory action by FCCPC. Speaking on Nigeria’s experience in enforcing fair competition and protecting consumers on busy online portals, Irukera stated that though the process was challenging, but progress had been made. Responding to a question about whether ongoing prosecutions were based on consumer protection or competitions theories of criminal liability, Irukera clarified that though consumer protection has been the primary focus, competition is very much on FCCPC’s radar and the agency recently opened an investigation into unilateral significant price increase by a dominant player in an industry. Other participants at the forum were:  Director for Consumer Protection, Superintendence of Industry and Commerce, Colombia, Ms. Maria Carolina Corcione; Director of International Cooperation, Korea Fair Trade Commission, Republic of Korea, Mr. Jongbae Park and Director of the International Affairs Office and acting Director of the European Affairs Office, Italian Competition Authority, Italy, Ms. Alessandra Tonnazzi, among others.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING 30 Staff Members Of An Organisation In Ibadan Test Positive For Coronavirus
No fewer than 30 members of staff of an organisation in Ibadan have tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, confirmed this in a tweet on Saturday. He further disclosed that the state has recorded 31 new cases of coronavirus, bringing the total number of… Read full story Buhari Gets Madagascar Formula Against COVID-19
President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday at the State House, Abuja, received Covid Organic, the Madagascan native formulation against the COVID-19 pandemic. Samples of the solution were delivered to him by President Umaro Sissoco Embalo of Guinea Bissau who brought them along as part of the traditional medicine… Read full story Produce Chinese Doctors Within 48hrs, PDP Tells FG
Amidst denial over the whereabout of Chinese doctors who arrived Nigeria amidst public outcry, the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government a 48-hour ultimatum to declare the whereabouts of the Chinese medical team it brought… Read full story FG Defies Canada, Insists Air Peace Must Evacuate 319 Stranded Nigerians
The Federal Government has defied the Canada High Commission in Nigeria by insisting that Nigerian carrier, Air Peace which it had earlier designated, must evacuate the over 319 Nigerians stranded from the… Read full story US May Restore Funding To WHO ― Trump
US President Donald Trump said on Saturday his administration was considering numerous proposals about the World Health Organisation (WHO), including one in which Washington would pay about 10 per cent of its former level. In a posting on Twitter, Trump underscored that no final decision had been made and that… Read full story PHOTOS: Thousands Protest Germany’s Coronavirus Policies
Thousands of people across Germany demonstrated against coronavirus-related restrictions on Saturday, in some cases with far more participants showing up than had been approved. In the southern city of Munich, far more people than the 1,000 participants approved by the city wanted to demonstrate… Read full story COVID-19: States Adopt Austerity Measures To Tame Effects Of Pandemic
COVID-19’s attack on the Nigeria’s economy is multifaceted. China, the country from where the pandemic travelled to other parts of the globe, is the world’s largest crude oil importer. To contain the spread of the virus within its territory, China shut down its factories and restricted its nationals to their homes… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE