The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Monday, granted an order of interim forfeiture of the sum of N510 million allegedly owned by former Commander, Presidential Air Fleet (PAF), AVM Uko Ebong. Justice Ahmed Mohammed granted the order in a ruling on an ex-parte application filed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The EFCC’s Counsel, Ekele Iheanacho, had claimed that the money was contained in an account belonging to a company owned by Ebong, Elioenai International College. He said the money formed part of the N731 million allegedly paid to the former Air Chief, through a company, Magnificent V Ventures Limited which he allegedly has a link, from the office of the former National Security Adviser (ONSA) without any contractual agreement. According to the EFCC, AVM Ebong was the Commander PAF between 2013 and July 2015. Justice Mohammed, in his ruling, said he was convinced that the EFCC had made out a case to warrant the grant of the interim forfeiture order. ALSO READ: Another 24 males, 9 females discharged after testing negative for coronavirus in Lagos He consequently made an order for the interim forfeiture of the sum of N510,000,000 in Sterling Bank account No: 0029581583 recovered by the anti-graft agency, which funds are reasonably suspected to be proceeds of unlawful activities. The judge further ordered the EFCC to publicise the said order and for anyone who is interested in the funds in respect of which the order was made, to appear before the court and show cause, within 14 days, why the money should not be permanently forfeited to the Federal Government. The EFCC stated, in a supporting affidavit, that “AVM Ebong, while being a public officer managed and used private companies to carry out financial transactions while concealing his identity. “These companies are Magnificent 5 Ventures Ltd, Tripple Kay Company Nigeria Ltd and Elionenai International College Ltd. “Magnificent 5 Ventures Ltd is a company registered with the CAC. Though directors of the company on paper are Mrs. Ebong Mercy Uko (the wife of AVM Ebong) and Ekpo Ubong Asuquo (AVM’s in-law, brother to AVM’s wife); AVM Ebong controlled the financial dealings of the company. “Without any contractual agreement, a total sum of N731, 000, 000.00 was paid to Magnificent 5 Ventures Limited between May, 2014 and October, 2014 by the ONSA under the guise of payment for renovation of PAF barracks, PAF staff quarters. “There is no proof of any work carried out by Magnificent 5 Ventures Ltd based on which the above payments were made to it. “The payments were made into the Sterling Bank Plc Account No. 0026142493 operated by Magnificent 5 Ventures Ltd. Mrs. Ebong Mercy Uko and her brother Ekpo Ubong Asuquo are also the signatories to the said Bank account of Magnificent 5 Ventures Ltd. “That upon receipt of the above funds into the account of Magnificent 5 Ventures Ltd, the funds were transferred and fixed deposited in the Sterling Bank Account of Tripple Kay Company Nigeria Ltd. “The transfer instructions were purportedly authorised by Mrs. Ebong – the wife of AVM Ebong. Tripple Kay Company Ltd is a registered company with its directors as Ebong Ikanke and Ebong Mercy Uko. AVM Ebong signed as director in the CAC particulars of Directors with the name Ebong Ikanke. “AVM Ebong also not only signed as the company’s secretary in the company’s Board resolution in opening account with Sterling Bank; he was similarly signatory to the account of the company at all material times. “The sum of N510, 000,000.00 was transferred from the Sterling Bank Account of Tripple Kay Company Nig. Ltd to the account of Elionenai International College on 18th January, 2016. “Elioenai International College Ltd is a registered company whose account in Sterling Bank Plc had Adesina Kolawale as the sole signatory. “Mr Kolawale, in his extra-judicial statement to the applicant (EFCC), stated that though he was the sole signatory to the Sterling Bank account of Elioenai International College Ltd, AVM Ebong signed all the transaction instruments on the account being the owner of all the funds that passed through the account.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!