Chief Press Secretary to the Oyo State governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, on Sunday, decried the notion that Governor Seyi Makinde short-changed Oyo town in siting the 72 Police Mobile Force squadron in Ago-Are. Governor Seyi Makinde had last Wednesday, inaugurated the 72 Police Mobile Force Squadron in Ago-Are, citing the vastness of the state and the attendant need for more security personnel and logistics. Adisa explained that Makinde made a direct request for the mobile base and had secured the nod of the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, for the location of a Mobile Police Squadron base in Oke-Ogun axis of Oyo State in August 2019. A letter signed by the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi titled, “Request/Appeal for Siting/Location of Police Mobile Squadron Headquarters in Oyo town” had circulated around the social media where the Alaafin requested President Muhammadu Buhari to site a police mobile unit in Oyo town. The Alaafin had, in the letter, assured Buhari that the basic facilities for the take-off of the office will be provided, adding that he will provide adequate land for the permanent structures as and when necessary. In another letter circulated dated February 14, 2020, the Alaafin stated that he was happy after receiving a letter from the Inspector General of Police dated December 10, 2019 intimating him of directives of IGP to DIG Operations to treat the request. Giving further clarification, Adisa counselled stakeholders in the state against politicising the siting of the squadron base in Ago-Are. He said the state government cited the base in Ago-Are because it was central in Oke-Ogun and had a ready-made site for temporary operations, as well as space for permanent site of the base. Adisa said the letter circulating on the social media had nothing to do with the Ago-Are mobile police base, adding that Makinde had at the South-West Governors security summit in Ibadan on September 1, 2019, thanked the IGP for approving the Oke-Ogun Mobile Squadron base. The statement read: “Contrary to the wrong impression being portrayed in the social media and on radio, Governor Seyi Makinde had secured the nod of the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, for the location of a Mobile Police Squadron base in Oke-Ogun axis of Oyo State in August 2019. “The governor made a direct request for the approval of the mobile base, in view of the determination of his administration to make agribusiness a major ladder to grow the state’s economy. “You will recall that on September 1, 2019, the South-West Governors held a security summit in Ibadan, which was attended by the Inspector General of Police. “Governor Makinde, had, on that occasion thanked the IGP for approving a Mobile Squadron base for Oke-Ogun, which he said would enhance food security and the help the state’s desire to rally agriculture to jumpstart its economy. “It is instructive to note that the letter being paraded on social media made no reference to Governor Makinde and was neither copied to the governor. “It needs to be placed on record that there is no truth in the social media allegation that Oyo town was short-changed by the decision to locate the base of PMF 72 Squadron in Ago-Are. “There is also no need to politicise a security matter because operational bases of security agencies are not always determined with political indication as reference points. Such decisions are often based on logistic realities and operational convenience. “There is no ambiguity as to the decision of the state government to cite the base of PMF 72 in Ago-Are because the location is central in Oke-Ogun, has a ready-made site for temporary operations and equally has a space for a permanent site, which has been acquired for the use of the state government since the Second Republic. “Let me state clearly that the letter being paraded and the police signal dated February 2020 has nothing to do with the Ago-Are Mobile Police base. “The state government would readily welcome it if the Federal Government decides to establish another Mobile Police base in Oyo town or any other town in Oyo State, after all, the size of the state can accommodate four or more Mobile Police bases.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apple Music Appoints Florence Otedola (Aka) DJ Cuppy Its First Radio Show Host In Africa
The biggest company in the world, Apple Music, is launching its first radio show in Africa on Sunday and DJ Cuppy whose real name is Florence Ifeoluwa Otedola is its host. The streaming platform announced Thursday that “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy” will debut Sunday and will feature a mix of contemporary… Read full story 21 Years Of Civil Rule: Gains, Pains And Prospects
MOST Nigerians remain nostalgic about the epochal, extraordinary transformation that was heralded in the defunct Western Region of Nigeria in the First Republic under visionary and dynamic leadership. In just eight years of the pragmatic and purposeful leadership, imbued with vision, the region shocked the… Read full story Economy: Many Miles Crossed, Many Miles Lie Ahead
Politics and economy are entangled. Politics determines the economic direction while the economy determines the strength of the polity. If the economy is ailing, so will be the polity and vice versa. But the interplay between politics and the economy is choreographed by politicians… Read full story COVID-19: We’re Yet To Receive Promised Ventilators From US ― Minister
The Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government is yet to receive the promised ventilators from the United States of America (USA). The minister said this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus (COVID-19) daily news conference… Read full story Sokoto Bandit Attacks: Buhari Orders ‘Fierce’ Military Operation
President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the military to embark of a fierce operation to dislodge bandits terrorising people in Sokoto State. While condoling with families who lost loved ones in an attack by bandits in Sabon Birni Local Government it the state, he prayed for the quick recovery of those that sustained injuries… Read full story COVID-19: Ogun Govt Lifts Lockdown
The Ogun State Government has lifted the lockdown order pronounced on the state, since the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic to combat the spread of the disease from Monday to Friday. This was contained in the address of the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Thursday, while updating the efforts… Read full story Osinbajo Heads Use Of Toilet Campaign Committee
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday inaugurated the Steering Committee of the “Clean Nigeria: Use the Toilet Campaign,” which he leads as chairman. Tribune Online reports that the committee comes as stakeholders continue to ramp up efforts to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Doctors Refusing To Treat Patients Of Other Ailments Over Fear Of COVID-19, Says PTF
More deaths are being recorded in patients with other ailments because medical institutions in the country are refusing to handle cases because of fear of contracting coronavirus, the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the pandemic has observed… Read full story Malami Explains Why Buhari Signs Executive Orders
The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Thursday, said the Presidential Executive Orders are aimed at complementing existing legislation and ensure inter-agency coordination in the process of implementation… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING