 Four weeks after Governor Seyi Makinde announced the state government’s resolve to produce one million face masks, the wait for the commissioned tailors to deliver the expected number of masks has continued. The state government had contracted the state Association of Tailors to get 100 tailors to each produce 10,000 face masks by the end of the week. The process was activated on Monday April 20 when selected tailors, in batches, converged on state secretariat, Ibadan, for training on how to make masks according to acceptable specifications. However, there were initial glitches between the tailors and the state government on the amount to be paid  to each tailor based on the cost of getting the material and workmanship. To resolve the quagmire, meetings were held between the Association of Tailors, Oyo state chapter and representatives of the state government. The government had initially agreed to the N50 proposal per mask out of which N10 was for workmanship while the remaining N40 was to cover for purchase of material and logistics, like transportation. The tailors however said that the N10 cost for workmanship was inadequate and should raised. A truce was reached when the government agreed to pay N60 so that payment for workmanship was N20. The new N60 agreement was that the association of tailors would get N40 for  fabric and sewing materials while each tailor gets N20 for the sewing. President, Association of Tailors in Oyo State, Mr. Ojewale Oloyede, told Saturday Tribune that the N60 was shared using a 30:5:5:20 formula. According to Ojewale, N30 was cost of fabric, N5 was for materials like elastic and thread; another N5 is for logistics while the remaining N20 is workmanship. Responding to complaints by some tailors that the association took the bulk of N40, Ojewale said the association coped with sudden increase in cost of fabric and sewing materials after it got the contract from government. Noting that the association initially purchased over 35,000 yards of material, he said the fabric used was 100 per cent cotton while each mask was double layered. “The challenge is that immediately we got the contract, the people selling materials increased prices of their goods. “Initially, we got elastic for N850 per bundle but immediately we started doing the job, they increased it to N2,500. That was what brought about the complaint. “Unfortunately, we had reached an agreement with government on N60. “The assignment was given to us at the cost of N60 each and the material costs nothing less than N30. “The union is buying the fabric and sewing materials. Its double layered and 100 per cent cotton. “We are giving the tailors N20  each for workmanship. N5 is for the tailoring materials and the remaining N5 is for logistics,” Ojewale said. While noting that the union had received N35 million from the state government remaining N25 million, he decried the fact  that some tailors hadn’t shown enough diligence to the task and only wanted to collect money. He maintained that the tailors could make N10,000 weekly as workmanship if they were more diligent in the sewing. He said more than 500,000 masks had so far been delivered, expressing hope that the remaining 500,000 would be ready in the coming week. Asked if he would be negotiating with the state government for an upward review of its earlier agreement, Ojewale said the union would look into that possibility. “I have been meeting with my people across the zones of the state and we hope to meet the government. “If our people do the job very well, a tailor, in a week, must make at least N10,000. Some people want free money but if they do the job diligently, they will make N10,000 weekly. “We can only hope that government reviews the situation. We have received N35 million remaining N25 million. “By God’s grace, we are trying to complete the entire N1 million face masks by next week,” Ojewale said.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: We Don’t Know Whereabouts Of Chinese Doctors ― PTF • Don’t ask me where they are ― Health Minister
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, said that it is not aware of the whereabouts of the Chinese doctors and health professionals who were brought to Nigeria some weeks ago to help the country in its fight against the COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story Amid Uproar, Lagos Backtracks, Says Dubai Returnee Didn’t Die Of COVID-19
Lagos State government on Thursday night retracted its earlier claim that one of the returnees from Dubai, died of COVID-19. Other returnees, quarantined at an isolation centre in Lekki, had protested in a viral video clip, disproving the earlier official position… Read full story No Conclusion Yet On ‘Strange’ Deaths In Kano
The Federal Government says there are no conclusions yet with regard to ‘strange’ deaths in Kano State. The Minister for Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, disclosed this on Thursday in Abuja at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19… Read full story FG To Present Revised 2020 Budget Next Week •As Reps uncover documents on illegal virement of MDAs funds to finance COVID-19
Barring last minutes changes, the Federal Government (FG) is expected to formally present the revised 2020 Appropriation bill of N10.58 trillion to the National Assembly. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, who disclosed this during high-level meeting held behind closed… Read full story COVID-19: PTF Warns Against Using Bleach, Ethanol As Cure
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, warned Nigerians against the use of bleach or ethanol as cure for COVID-19, saying that its usage can result in death. Besides, the PTF also cautioned Nigerians to stop the stigmatisation of people with COVID-19 infection once they recover from it… Read full story COVID-19 Care Now Available For All Who Need It ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic on Thursday assured that Nigeria’s testing strategy is yielding results, asserting that the country can now give care to any patient who needs it. Chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha… Read full story Buhari Makes Plans For Post-COVID-19 Nigeria
The presidency on Thursday outlined its plans to move the country forward after it exits the present COVID-19 pandemic, highlighting actions in the areas of the economy, healthcare, jobs creation, among others. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) in Abuja noted… Read full story Nigeria Didn’t Ask For Madagascar COVID Solution, The Country Sent Them To Us, Says PTF
The Presidential Task Force of the control of the COVID-19 pandemic has disowned the Madagascar Covid organic solution, which had been reported to have been requested by the Federal Government to fight the virus. Chairman of the task force and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr. Boss… Read full story Why Canada Denies Air Peace Right To Evacuate Stranded Nigerians–Onyeama
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama’s move to patronise local carriers for the evacuation of Nigerians abroad has suffered a setback. The Canadian government had denied a local airline, Air Peace, landing right to evacuate Nigerian citizens in Ottawa on the ground that it has no license to… Read full story COVID-19: Pandemic Offers Chance To Reset Critical Sectors ― Osinbajo
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has observed that even though the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has affected lives and livelihoods of Nigerians in different ways, it, however, offers an opportunity for the Nigerian people and government to have a reset in critical sectors of the economy and social services… Read full story 13-Year-Old Girl, 23 Other Ladies Used For Prostitution Rescued In Lagos Hotel
The police in Lagos State have rescued 24 ladies including a 13-year-old who were trafficked to Lagos from Akwa Ibom State for prostitution. Four members of the syndicate that brought the girls, most of them from Oron in Akwa Ibom State, have also been arrested… Read full story Shocking Story Of Man Who Found Out That His Twins Babies Have Two Fathers
A Chinese man is left stunned after finding out that his twin babies have two fathers, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Thursday. The man, who remains unidentified, made the shocking discovery after taking the new babies for a DNA test as part of the standard procedure to register their births in China, a DNA… Read full story We Deregulated Downstream Oil Sector In March — Sylva
The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva says the downstream oil sector was deregulated on March 19, with the reduction in the pump price of the Premium Motor Spirit(PMS) also known as petrol. Sylva made the clarification at a ministerial briefing giving a scorecard of the… Read full story EDITORIAL: Governments And The COVID-19 Billions
SINCE the Covid-19 global pandemic touched down in Nigeria in late February, there have been concerted efforts by the private and public sectors to mobilise resources to contain its spread. As early as March 26, the Coalition Against Covid-19 (CACOVID) emerged to mobilise private sector leadership… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!