Executive Chairman, Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (BASPHCDA), Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, said on Saturday that 24 health workers in the state, had tested positive for coronavirus. Mohammed who made the disclosure at a news conference in Bauchi, however, said no death had been recorded among the affected health workers. He revealed that 17 of them were from Azare, the headquarters of Katagum Local Government Area of the state while seven were from Bauchi Local Government Area. Mohammed who is also the Chairman, Bauchi State Contact Tracing on COVID-19 Committee, said that all the health workers in the state were now more careful in handling the disease. He added that all the necessary Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) had been provided for the frontline healthcare workers in the state. “Here in Bauchi, we are really very concerned about this infection that is affecting our healthcare workers so that they will not be discouraged or demoralised,” he said. He, however, advised the health workers to be very careful and ensure that they properly used their PPE at all times. The PHCDA boss also assured the people that health workers in the state would continue to put in their best to ensure that more patients recovered from the infection. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Bauchi State has so far recorded 210 confirmed COVID-19 cases with 41 discharged, three deaths and 166 active cases. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria Running Out Of Foreign Exchange Amid Oil Price Collapse —Ex-US Ambassador, Campbell
THE fall in international oil prices is having a devastating impact on Nigeria’s formal economy, a former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr John Campbell, has said. Campbell, in a blog posted on the website of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a United States think tank with specialisation in foreign policy and… Read full story FG To Submit List Of School Feeding Vendors To EFCC ― Minister
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said the list of all participating vendors in the modified School Feeding Programme will be submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… Read full story NAFDAC Harps On Need To Promote Local Manufacturers
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has restated the need for Nigeria to promote local manufacturing sector. The Director-General of the NAFDAC, Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, made this assertion at a news conference to commemorate the launch of palliatives for Micro, Small and… Read full story