Thirty illegal occupants of a distressed building already marked for demolition in the Ojuelegba area of Lagos State were on Tuesday ejected from the structure before the three-storey building was eventually demolished. The three-storey building was said to have failed integrity test of the state government and on Monday, its balcony collapsed, making the government to demolish it on Tuesday following the distress call by some residents close to the building. According to the Lagos State Building Control Agency in its Twitter handle, the demolition of the building started on Tuesday evening after the ejection of the illegal occupiers who initially resisted their ejection. According to the agency that is under the state Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development, “officials of the Lagos State Building Control Agency (@LasbcaA) in the Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development (MPP&UD) responded to a distress call by residents of Ojuelegba following the collapse of the balcony of a distressed building in the area. “It was gathered that the empty building had initially been marked for demolition before it was occupied by illegal squatters numbering 30. The three-storey building has been pulled down by @LasbcaA officials in an exercise personally led and supervised by Commissioner for Physical Planning and Urban Development, Dr. Idris Salako (@idreezsalako), accompanied by SA Urban Planning, Ganiyu Adele, MPP&UD Permanent Secretary, Folusho Dipe, General Manager, LASBCA, Biola Kosegbe, Director General of Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), @OkeOsanyintolu and officials of the Lagos State Physical Planning Permit Authority (LASPPPA). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!