Battered by the rampaging coronavirus pandemic and indicating tougher times ahead, the aviation FAAN agencies have placed their workers on half salaries starting from the month of May. The notice of half salaries which has been passed to all the workers is coming as one of the strategies engaged by the agencies to survive the list COVID-19 pandemic. In a circular dated 19th May 2020 issued by the management of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) in particular, the authority explained reasons for placing staff on half salary for this month even as it pledged to pay the balance after the resumption with improved revenue generation. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Enugu detects 1 new positive case, discharges 2 The circular with the reference; FAAN/HQ/Admin/2020/05, stated: ” This is to notify all staff that due to the dwindling revenue generation amidst COVID-19 pandemic, management may not be able to pay full salary to staff as from May 2020. “However, as soon as the revenue generation improves, the balance will be paid. This measure is to ensure the survival of the organization.” For close to two months now, the daily source of revenue generation for FAAN and other aviation agencies has been truncated with the closure of airports to airline business and other activities due to the measures announced by the government to prevent the spread of the pandemic. Indications have emerged that other aviation agencies like the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NIMET) may adopt the half salary mode since they all survive on services they render to the various key players like the airlines, ground handlers and other concessionaires. The decision to place the workers on half salaries has instilled fears over the uncertainty waiting to befall the entire sector after activities return in the sector.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apologise To Nigerians For Denying Links With Chinese Doctors, PDP Tells FG
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned the Federal Government over denials and cover-up on the whereabouts and activities of the Chinese medical team who came into the country in April. The party which said such was a betrayal of the public trust by its citizens on the government, the Federal… Read full story COVID-19: IGP Orders Strict Enforcement Of Inter-State Movement Restriction Orders
The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Tuesday, ordered strict enforcement of the national curfew and inter-state movement restriction orders emplaced by the Federal Government as part of measures to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Buhari Removes TCN MD One Month After He Reportedly Sacked Labour Leader
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday removed Usman Gur Mohammed as the Managing Director of the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) and replaced him with an engineer, Mr Sule Abdulaziz. He was removed about one month after he reportedly sacked a labour leader who was also the General… Read full story Osinbajo, NCP Mull Healthcare Reforms
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, on Tuesday, presided over a meeting of the National Council on Privatisation (NCP) to approve a draft legislative instrument for national healthcare reforms. His spokesman, Laolu Akande, informed that the meeting also discussed power sector issues… Read full story I’m Not Aware Of Plan To Deport 15,000 Nigerian Students From Malaysia, Says Minister
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr Geoffrey Onyeama, has said he was not aware of move by the Malaysian government to deport over 15,000 Nigerian students in the country. Responding to question from newsmen on Tuesday at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 briefing, the minister, who assured that… Read full story Reps Summon Minister Of Health Over Whereabouts Of Chinese Medical Team
The House of Representatives on Tuesday resolved to summon the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Eramie over the detailed status report on the activities and whereabouts of the 15 Chinese medical team in Nigeria. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion of urgent public importance sponsored… Read full story We Can’t Listen To Trump On Hydroxychloroquine For COVID-19, Says PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Tuesday dismissed the claim and the advice of United States President, Donald Trump, on the use of hydroxychloroquine, an anti-malaria drug, for COVID-19. Speaking at the daily briefing of the PTF in Abuja, both Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire and the Director General… Read full story We Have Failed If We Don’t Learn From COVID-19 To Build Institutions ― PTF
Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic says Nigeria would have failed its next generation if it does it learn from the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic to build enduring and sustainable institutions. Speaking at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 pandemic, its chairman… Read full story For Taking Hydroxychloroquine Against Coronavirus, Trump Is Governing By Witchcraft, Says China
China lashed out at President Donald Trump on Tuesday, claiming the US president is using ‘witchcraft’ to lead during the coronavirus pandemic after he admitted to taking hydroxychloroquine to prevent contracting the disease. Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief of China Communist Party’s official publication, Global Times, blamed… Read full story Reps To Conduct Forensic Audit Of NNPC’s Recent Recruitment
The House of Representatives on Tuesday unveiled plans to conduct a forensic investigation into the recent recruitment of graduate trainees by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) with a view to determining how many persons were recruited from the various host communities… Read full story Senate To Probe N1.532trn Intervention Fund To Power Sector •Demands revocation of privatization
The Senate on Tuesday mandated its Committee on Power sector to probe the over N1.532trillion intervention fund injected to the ailing sector in the last seven years. It equally asked President Muhammadu Buhari administration to revoke the privatisation of the sector… Read full story Coronavirus Won’t Stop Our Programme For Ondo, Edo Governorship Elections, INEC Says
Okoye revealed that a policy framework for engagement with stakeholders, the conduct of the two end of tenure governorship elections, outstanding by-elections and future electoral activities… Read full story EDITORIAL: Coronavirus: The Reversal Of The Gains Of Lockdown
NIGERIA began a “phased and gradual” lifting of the lockdown to contain the spread of Covid-19 on May 4. This followed the announcement by President Muhammadu Buhari on April 28 that it had become imperative to ease the lockdown in Lagos, Abuja and Ogun states because many citizens had lost… Read full story COVID-19: Introduce National Policy On Online Education, Reps Tell FG
The House of Representatives on Tuesday underscored the need for relevant authorities in charge of education in Nigeria to urgently develop a National Policy and Framework for online education for schools at various levels. The lawmakers said the policy should be developed with the view to salvaging the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING