EXPERTS have said that there is a need to investigate reasons behind people’s preferred choice of seeking sexually transmitted infections (STIs) care at pharmacy and patent medicine stores in Nigeria. Researchers’ assessment of the three consecutive National HIV and AIDS Reproductive Health Surveys conducted in 2005, 2007 and 2012 found that men and women were seeking care for STIs from faith-based homes and traditional birth attendants (TBAs). The 2020 study, which involved Dr Imran O. Morhason-Bello and Dr Adeniyi F. Fagbamigbe, was in the International Journal of Reproductive Medicine. According to them, it is a worrisome trend that a large number of participants that had STIs did not visit any treatment facilities in the previous 12 months. The study indicated that although knowledge of STI increased with age from 13.4 per cent in 2005 to 26.5 per cent in 2012, a large number of participants that had STIs did not visit any treatment facilities. In addition, participants that previously sought care from health facilities, pharmacy, and patient medicine vendors had better knowledge of STIs and HIV infection prevention and transmission than those who sought care from unorthodox sources. Of the 10255, 11822, and, 35520 participants in 2005, 2007, and 2012 surveys, respectively, 54 per cent were males in 2005 and 2007 compared with 50 per cent in 2012. There were 601, 728, and 1861 respondents who had experienced at least one episode of STI within 12 months preceding 2005, 2007, and 2012 surveys, respectively. The prevalence of STI in Nigeria seemed stable at 6.0 per cent, but was consistently higher among respondents aged 20 to 24 years and females than males. Of the 601 STI positive respondents within the 12 months preceding the 2005 survey, 40.9 per cent did not visit any health facility for treatment, 30.8 per cent visited health facilities, 16.0 per cent visited the pharmacy and patient medicine vendors, while 12.3 per cent visited the traditional birth attendants. About 44.8 per cent and 41.5 per cent did not visit any facility within the 12 months preceding the 2007 and 2012 surveys, respectively. Knowledge of STI and HIV transmission and prevention was highest in the South-East and least in North. Also, educational attainment of the respondents and religious inclination was significant to the level of knowledge of STI and HIV transmission and prevention. They, therefore, recommend mass mobilisation and awareness creation on the prevention of STIs in the community and provide information on the safe point of care for STIs in Nigeria. World Health Organisation in 2018 estimated that one million people acquire sexually transmitted infections (STI) daily and half a billion people fall sick from one of the four curable STIs (Chlamydia, gonorrhoea, syphilis, and trichomonas) each year. The negative health consequences of STI include infertility, cervical cancer, chronic pelvic pain, recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm labour, and newborn/child health complications.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Osun Discharges Two Children, Six Others After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
Osun State government on Monday night announced the recovery and discharge of eight coronavirus patients including two children from its isolation centre… Read full story COVID-19: Police Seal Emir Of Daura’s Palace
Police have sealed off the palace of the Emir of Daura, Alhaji Umar Farouk as a result of the monarch’s failure to prevent congestion in the palace. A source who pleaded anonymity stated that the emir assembled over 1,000 people in his palace where he distributed food to them… Read full story Omowura: Man Who Sat On 200 Needles
Five hundred and thirty five pages in seven chapters girded firmly, front and back, by a Preface, a Foreword, an Afterword and an Acknowledgment! This unusual structure makes this an uncommon biography. The story, if seen as a drama, has all the trappings of a Shakespearean tragedy: There is Ayinla Omowura, the tragic hero… Read full story S/Korea Begins Payment Of $11.65bn Disaster Relief Money To Households
South Korea on Monday began payment of emergency disaster relief funds totaling 14.3 trillion won (US$11.65 billion) to all households, Reuters reports. The money is enable the households to cope with the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak… Read full story Delta Farmer Harvests World’s Largest Cassava Tuber
A farmer, Mr. Chuwudumebi Innocent Nwogwonuwe of Onitcha-Okpe Quarters, Ubulu-Uku, in Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, has harvested what is considered the largest tuber of Cassava in the world. The cassava tuber which is named scientifically as Manihot Esculenta measures over 10 feet in,,, Read full story Police Intercept, Return 42 Zamfara Travellers Who Hid In Truck In Lagos
Forty two passengers who were allegedly trying to move from Zamfara State into Lagos State through a food truck were on Monday intercepted by the police and sent back to their state. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the development to the Tribune Online and warned other… Read full story Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson, Welcomes Fourth Child In America
Popular Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie and her husband, Prince Odi Okojie have welcomed their fourth child in the United States. Nollywood icon, Desmond Elliot broke the news on his official Facebook page today saying: “Congrats to our big mama Mercy Johnson Okojie on your new baby… Read full story COVID-19: WHO Supports Scientifically-Proven Traditional Medicine
In the search for potential treatments for COVID-19, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has welcomed innovations around the world, including repurposing drugs, traditional medicines, and developing new therapies. According to a press release issued by the WHO, it recognises that traditional, complementary, and… Read full story 14 Medical Staff Test Positive For COVID-19 In Katsina
The Katsina State government has confirmed that 14 medical staff are among the 35 new patients who tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. Governor Aminu Bello Masari of the state made the confirmation while briefing pressmen on Monday on the number of coronavirus cases in the state… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Case Of Peace Ufuoma
EVERY now and then, a story comes to our attention that speaks to the depravity of the times and the specific ways in which the average Nigerian is caught up in it. Such, evidently, is the curious case of 30-year-old Peace Ufuoma, who was sensationally advertised for sale on Facebook by Beirut-based Wael Jerro, for a princely sum of… Read full story The Case For And Against Remote Hearing In Court
We are gradually getting to the center of it all, now marking one month and some days since the compulsory lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic, although this has not seriously affected some sectors of the economy designated as essential services. By and large, the legal profession is beginning to feel the impact of COVID 19 and… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!