IN a bid to shore up the chances of their party, some governorship aspirants on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have initiated moves towards reducing the number of contenders for the ticket of the party at the July 22, 2020 primaries in the state. This is even as a couple of them have stepped up subtle lobbying likely delegates and other party stalwarts to brighten their chances of securing the ticket. As of Monday, 17 aspirants were believed to have signified interest in the ticket of the party,after the PDP headquarters in Abuja releasedguidelines for the conduct of the primary election to pick the party’s candidate for the coming election. Though, theaspirants are yet to obtain the party’s nomination and expression of interest forms ahead of theprimary election, the Nigerian Tribune gathered that the amount for the expression of interest is N4million, while the nomination form costs N20million. A member of the party in the state, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the PDP national secretariat deliberately raised the nomination fee to reduce the number of aspirants. The source stated: “By my calculations, only about six or seven of the aspirants can afford to pick the forms with this amount. Others will soon fall by the way side. Some of the aspirants, who cannot afford the money, have commenced negotiating with the few that can afford the almost N25million for the form.” However, one of the aspirants, who also preferred not to be identified, said he was not involved in the ongoing efforts by some of his co-contestants to prune the number of contenders for the PDP ticket, but said he believed that the party would present the best as its candidate. “I don’t know those who may prefer to step down, but I want to confirm to you that I am contesting the election and not even prepared to sit down with anybody in respect of that,” the contestant said. The PDP in the state, according to the notice signed by the national organisingsecretary of the party, AustineAkobundu, will hold its primary election on July 22, 2020, two days after the All Progressives Congress (APC) would have concluded its own. At least 10 aspirants have indicated interest to contest the ticket of the APC alongside the incumbent governor, RotimiAkeredolu. The party has since communicated to interested aspirants that a sum of N22.5million is to be paid for the expression of interest and nomination forms at the APC national headquarters in Abuja. Speaking on the number of aspirants of the party for the election, the state publicity secretary, Alex Kalejaye, disclosed that only one aspirant had so far shown intention to contest the election at the party’s secretariat. “As I speak, we await other aspirants who are interested in the seat to show interest but the incumbent remains the only aspirant who has signified intention to re-contest,” he said.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!