From being touted as one of best female Nigerian rappers to  becoming a popular fashion entrepreneur and life coach, Eva  Alordiah, who is known simply as Eva, is one top female act who  can lay claim to have explored the highs and lows of the feminine  life. The mother of one, who was rumoured to have been involved with one  popular singer and beat maker, broke on to the music scene in 2011  with the release of an EP titled ‘GIGO’, with many critics  labelling her as perhaps the much-awaited female rapper, who would  bring gender balance to rap in the music industry. The dream of many would however not materialise as the rapper’s  music adventure did not last a long time. Following a music stint  which ended with a studio album in 2016, Eva switched focus to  fashion. She would later unveil a new clothing and fashion line  that put all doubts about her return to music to a rest. With a new calling and motherhood taking her life to another  level, the Lights Out crooner days back turned attention to  herself again when she revealed that brassiere which is considered  to be a basic aspect of female dressing is one which makes her  uncomfortable even as she wished she could do away with it. “Generally, bras are so uncomfortable for me and I am not the only  woman who feels this way. My breasts are a part of my body, not  just singular entities separate from me. “So when I am locked in and strapped under the sore clasping of  the hooks and cups of a bra, it is my entire body in subjection to  that discomfort,” Eva disclosed. If she could have her way, the fashion entrepreneur expressed: “I  would walk free, with my breasts dancing wildly and unassuming in  front of me, my nipples announcing me in the room before I do.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria Running Out Of Foreign Exchange Amid Oil Price Collapse —Ex-US Ambassador, Campbell
THE fall in international oil prices is having a devastating impact on Nigeria’s formal economy, a former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr John Campbell, has said. Campbell, in a blog posted on the website of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a United States think tank with specialisation in foreign policy and… Read full story FG To Submit List Of School Feeding Vendors To EFCC ― Minister
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said the list of all participating vendors in the modified School Feeding Programme will be submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… Read full story NAFDAC Harps On Need To Promote Local Manufacturers
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has restated the need for Nigeria to promote local manufacturing sector. The Director-General of the NAFDAC, Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, made this assertion at a news conference to commemorate the launch of palliatives for Micro, Small and… Read full story 79-Year-Old Retired Nigerian Doctor, Wife Die Of Coronavirus In UK 10 Days Apart
Dr James Oniah, from Onitsha, Anambra State who was a retired radiologist, succumbed to coronavirus on April 24 while his wife, Mary Oniah, from Zambia, passed away from the virus on May 4. They both died at King George Hospital in Ilford, East London leaving behind three children as well as other family members… Read full story Real Reasons The Buhari Cabal Picked Gambari As Chief Of Staff
Few appointments have generated as much excitement— and entranced the imagination of Nigerians— as the appointment of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff. The Emir of Ilorin thanked Buhari for it even though there is no record of him publicly thanking Olusegun Obasanjo… Read full story Can COVID-19 Infect A Person Twice?
The immune system’s memory is rather like our own – it remembers some infections clearly, but has a habit of forgetting others. Measles is highly memorable – one bout should give life-long immunity (as the weakened version in its vaccine also does). However, there are many others that are pretty forgettable… Read full story COVID-19: Kwara Foils Patients’ Plot To Escape From Isolation Centre
The Kwara Government’s intelligence network has uncovered a plot by some COVID-19 patients to escape from the state isolation centre at the early hour of Friday. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and spokesman to the state COVID-19 Committee, Rafiu Ajakaye made this disclosure in a statement in Ilorin… Read full story COVID-19 Situation In Kano Has Stabilised, Says PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 declared on Friday that with the good relationship between the visiting federal task team and Kano State task force on COVID-19, the situation in Kano has largely been stabilised. The PTF made this known even as it clarified that Nigeria is not using foreign doctors in any… Read full story