The war against the spread of Coronavirus in Lagos State received another big boost, over the weekend, as poultry farmers in Epe, under the aegis of Poultry Farmers‘ Association of Nigeria, Lagos State Chapter, Epe Zone, donated 45,000 eggs to the state government, as part of its support to the state, in its fight against the dreaded pandemic. Donating the eggs to the state government, through the state’s Ministry of Agriculture, the Chairman of Epe Zone of the association, Folasade Gam-Ikon, explained that the gesture was informed by the need to complement the various efforts of the state government in containing the spread of the pandemic in the state. She expressed the belief that the food items, meant for COVID-19 patients and vulnerable families, in the state, would go a long way in aiding the recoveries of such patients and further enhance the health status of other beneficiaries; due to the immune –boosting nutrients of the food items. “We, poultry farmers in Epe, decided to come together to do this because we saw that need to complement the efforts of the state government in containing the spread of COVID-19 in the state. “We saw the palliatives, being given, rice, garri and other food items. But, as poultry farmers, we know that egg is a full meal on its own, because it contains all the essential amino acid and protein.  So, we decided in our own little way to lend a helping hand to Lagos State government, by donating these items for the consumption of COVID-19 patients and vulnerable families, so as to enhance their well-being,” she stated. Gam-Ikon added that the association was also using the occasion of the donation to create awareness on the benefits of egg to human health, while dismissing some myths surrounding its consumption. “We believe this type of event also provides us the opportunity to create awareness that egg is good, and dismiss the myth that egg is high in cholesterol. There is good cholesterol, and there is bad cholesterol. And the fact remains that egg is good cholesterol,” she added. The Epe Poultry Association’s boss also argued that the decision of the federal government to include egg in its school feeding programme, coupled with the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) recommendation of egg as quality food, are eloquent testimonies to the benefits inherent in egg consumption. Receiving the items on behalf of the state government, the Permanent Secretary in the state’s Ministry of Agriculture, Dr. Olayiwole Onasanya, assured the association that the items would get to the intended beneficiaries. He commended the association for supporting the state government with the  unique food items, since such immune-boosting foods  were needed, at this period, to enhance residents’ immunity against the pandemic. “I’m particularly delighted because what they have given us is an immune-boosting food. Egg contains complete amino acid and when you talk about boosting immunity, egg is one of the foods that can do that,” Onasanya stated.     YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!