The Police Command in Ebonyi has rescued two siblings, aged five and 10, who were abducted from their home in Abakaliki at gunpoint. The Command Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mrs Loveth Odah disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Abakaliki. Odah, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) alleged that the kidnappers robbed the mother of the siblings of huge amount of money before abducting her children. She said that the kidnappers demanded N10 million ransom but had to abandon the children at a location in Afikpo South Local Government Area of the state, after a manhunt by police operatives. Oda said the children had been reunited with their mother while efforts were being made to track down the abductors and their collaborators. ALSO READ: Missing brother found dead inside Ebonyi lawmaker’s car trunk “Our men are currently in pursuit of the fleeing suspected kidnappers; also investigations are ongoing to unmask possible conspirators with a view to arresting them. “I want to assure the public that there is no hiding place for criminals in the state and that efforts are being intensified to sustain police surveillance in every part of the state. “We also urge the public to volunteer timely information on criminal activities in their areas to assist the police to nip crime in the bud,” Odah said. NAN reports that three suspects were also in police custody over a botched abduction of a seven-month-old baby in Abakaliki. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!