AS a rule, pandemics put social and political relations of the affected society under a magnifying glass, and Covid-19 has been no different. In Nigeria, it has revivified knotty social questions around unemployment, education, and youth alienation,the Almajiri conundrum being a perfect encapsulation. On paper, the Almajiri phenomenon is a win-win for all concerned. It goes like this: a parent willfully hands over their child or ward to an Islamic scholar, with the understanding that the scholar, typically a local Imam or suchlike authority that is well-versed in the Quran and the Hadith, would be responsible for the religious and moral instruction of the pupil. The spiritual authority gains a supervisee, someone who, in theory, acquires enough knowledge to train the next generation; the parent, at least tentatively, is relieved of care for the child, while the society gains a properly groomed and morally grounded citizen. The economics of the arrangement tend to be unspecified, since, at any rate, the local spiritual trainer could always count on the charity of the community for his upkeep. That this is not the way things have panned out across northern Nigeria, where the tradition has taken root over the past several decades, goes without saying. Negating the basic idea, overwhelmed parents more or less hand over the care of their children to Islamic scholars who, because they enjoy increasingly scanty social prestige, can no longer count on the generosity of their immediate community. As a result, in order to make ends meet, both for themselves and their unlucky trainees, the latter are basically forced onto the streets, where, in an ugly sight witnessed daily across many Northern Nigerian cities, they harass ordinary citizens for food and money. All of which is to say that Almajiri is a perfect illustration of what happens when a well-intended social programme goes awry, and before the outbreak of Covid-19, there were encouraging signals that northern governors were ready to rein in the problem. If that is the case, the approach adopted by some of them—essentially, round up ‘homeless’ young men and women and deport them back to their states of origin—is proof that the problem is misunderstood. So far, the governors of Jigawa and Kaduna states respectively have followed in the footsteps of Kano State governor,Umar Ganduje, who made the initial move of repatriating more than 1,000 Almajiris to their respective states. Which raises a very interesting question: who owns the Almajiri kids? Surely, it cannot be the states to which they have been deported since, technically, a state cannot own a child, and no state was responsible for the transfer of the young men and women to their respective Islamic tutors in the first instance. Therefore, why transfer the Almajiri to those states? We are arguing here that, while they should be applauded in their well-meaning desire to curtail the spread of Covid-19 among such an eminently vulnerable population, the individual governors sabotaged their own efforts by not asking about the parents of the Almajiri, since, first and foremost, they were the ones who engaged in a private arrangement with various Islamic scholars for the education of their children. Else, how did those children make the journey from their respective states of origin to their places of apprenticeship? This is the same categorical error that Shettima Yerima, President of the Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, made in his intervention, in which he warned southeastern governors against rejecting Almajiris deported from northern states. Rather than ask why there are many homeless kids roaming the streets of northern Nigeria, and why, crucially, a private programme of religious apprenticeship appears to have unraveled at the seams, Mr. Yerima doubled down on a specious debate about the right to freedom of movement which no intelligent person contends. Covid-19 or not, the Almajiri problem is one that northern states cannot hope to deport their way out of. It is a multifaceted problem with various religious, cultural, pastoral, and other dimensions. It does require more thought and deliberation than it is being accorded at the moment.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on… Read full story Lagos Considers Full Reopening Of Economy
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said on Sunday that the state government is considering full re-opening of the critical sectors of its economy, but quickly noted that the move would not be pushed in a hurry. The governor gave this indication while at a briefing after the State’s Security Council meeting held at the… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Agboola Gambari’s Burning Grass
What should Nigeria expect from you as Chief of Staff?”: “I don’t report directly to the nation; I report to the president.” “What should he (the president) expect from you? What can you assure him?” “I think you should ask the president. I give him my loyalty, competence and support.” “What will be your guiding principle as Chief of Staff?”… Read more COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force… Read full story COVID-19: Ganduje, Deputy, Political Office Holders’ Salaries Cut By Half
Kano State governor Abdullahi Ganduje, his deputy, all commissioners and other political office holders from the month of May would receive half salary due to COVID-19 pandemic challenges on the state’s… Read full story Israel’s Netanyahu Sworn In As Head Of Long-Awaited Unity Government
Israel’s parliament has sworn in a new government led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his former rival Benny Gantz, ending the longest political crisis in the country’s history, Aljazeera reports. After more than 500 days without a stable government and three inconclusive elections, lawmakers in the… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Infectious Diseases Bill
THE spontaneous anger triggered by the bill titled Infectious Diseases Control Bill 2020 has subsisted because of the resolve by the leadership of the House of Representatives to stick to its gun on the matter. The bill is being sponsored by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamilla; Pascal Obi, the chairman, House Committee on… Read full story Buhari Receives PTF Report On COVID-19 Containment Effort
President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday received a report from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the COVID-19 pandemic on the effort at the containment of its spread. The task force led by its chairman and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, met the president at his… Read full story WHO To Kick Off International Meet Amid US-China Tensions
The World Health Organization will on Monday kick off its first-ever virtual assembly, but fears abound that US-China tensions could derail the strong action needed to address the COVID-19 crisis. The World Health Assembly, which has been trimmed from the usual three weeks to just two days, Monday and Tuesday… Read full story The Coming Anti-Christ And The Africans
This is an imaginary essay. But it fits in with the economic, geopolitical and spiritual realities of our world today. By a dream-vision, I was taken to the Infernal Kingdom where I beheld Satan sitting on his throne with glittering pomp. The powers and principalities were paying obeisance to him, prostrate on the ground… Read full story How Businesses Can Thrive During Peak And Trough
Business never follows a linear path. Rather, business runs in cycles; boom and bust, peak and trough, good and bad, great and tough. However, irrespective of the cycle in which a business finds itself, the stakeholders’ expectations remain unchanged – value must be delivered to them; customers expect quality… Read full story Speaking Against Evil Is Not An Act Of Disobedience
What is good becomes bad, when it is done at the wrong time. Also, it is good to be hushed and silent, but when you are silent and still when you are to speak out, silence becomes bad. Sleep is good, but when done at the wrong time, it becomes bad. It is good to rest at home, but when you rest at home at the wrong time… Read full story Leadership: Lessons Along The Way – 2
In the course of fulfilling your life assignment, many people will be engaged in the process, for good or for ill. You will be making the greatest mistake of your life by assuming that just because people gleefully got involved with what you are doing translates to their being committed to you. Those who are committed to… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING