In about two years from now, it will be time for Nigerians to decide clearly who should move into the Presidential Villa as the next president. To say that the stakes would be high, given the performances so far of the All Progressives Congress (APC) since assuming power in 2015, is to state the obvious. Indeed, for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the opportunity to win the elections and regain power come 2023 has never been this golden. But how strategic and acceptable its choice of presidential candidate will be the turning point, the game changer and the masterstroke as it will make or break its chances at the poll. The PDP must not be in a rush to support a candidate but embark on an intensive, sophisticated selection process that Nigerians can rally round and see as ‘Project 2023’ in terms of execution. In this permutation and foresight comes the Atiku Abubakar candidacy. While it is still believed that Atiku, the Waziri Adamawa, won the 2019 presidential election in many quarters, the otherwise Supreme Court’s decision necessitates that Nigerians look forward. To posit that, in contemporary times, no politician like Atiku has been groomed and manifestly exhibited capacity, competence, resilience, acceptability and overwhelming presence to push this project, is to drive home a hard fact that the PDP power brokers must explore ahead of the elections. One issue that will become a subject of debate in 2023 will be power shift. While this will be seriously contested, it is however, a fact that the Waziri Adamawa possesses the persona, appeal, humility, charisma, political and urbane nature to not only heal the nation of its divisions and strife, but given his antecedents to rally all Nigerians in a fair, just and equitable society where every Nigerian is proud to be a stakeholder in the Nigeria of our dream. With Atiku, the North, South, East and West are at home. Indeed, given his sacrifice for the democracy to thrive and his accomplishment as the vice president of Nigeria, as well as the entrepreneurial expertise he commands in running his vast business empire, Atiku’s history with Nigeria is clearly one garnished with hard work, resourcefulness, candour, resilience, strength and rare leadership skills which, over the years, has set him apart from other politicians, especially with his highly cosmopolitan nature. He radiates, extols and, indeed, lives these shining qualities and disposition. His knack for tapping into resourcefulness also accentuates his leadership skills as the vice president during the administration of former President Olusegun Obasanjo. He was credited with assembling super technocrats who contributed in no small way towards making the Obasanjo administration a success. That Atiku will hit the ground running from day one if he gets the presidency is a fait accompli, and the reasons are not far-fetched. Having sat as the head of Nigeria’s economic team as well privatisation process, there is hardly any economic issue that the former vice-president does not have his hands on. His various economic blueprint, which has always been publicised as an alternative to government policies, clearly showcases a man with a grasp on issues bothering us as a country and collectively as a people. There is no doubt that he will revamp and restructure the economy and make it truly the biggest in Africa and highly competitive among world economies. On restructuring, which is arguably a highly contentious issue in the polity, the Waziri Adamawa has for long sided with its proponents, noting that it remains the way to bell the cat or pull the nation from some of its economic woes. He has presented different ideas to support such arguments in different fora. Not shying away from the issue of restructuring, Atiku, who has never engaged in double-speak on this subject matter, believes that it will empower even our local communities and that in the long run, the entire nation will be better off for it. Then comes the issue of acceptability, politics and followership. Till date, it remains to be seen which Nigerian politician is blessed with friends across the nooks and crannies of Nigeria like the Waziri Adamawa is. There is hardly any community or local government that Atiku has no party chieftain readily available to work with him. Such is the gift of his nature and mien. At the last 2019 elections, it was clear who the youths and women entrusted with their votes. Given a free and fair election, Atiku will always emerge victorious because of the wide acceptability he enjoys among Nigerians irrespective of creed, tribe or religious persuasions. Therefore, as 2023 inches closer, the PDP must know that, given the failure of the APC over the past years in governing the nation, the opportunity to reclaim Aso Rock is real. However, it must go beyond internal squabbles and political sophistry to ensure that a truly wanted and qualified candidate is presented to the people. There is no harm in pursuing the Nigeria of our dream till it is realised and, just like William Shakespeare said, “Not all the waters in the rough rude sea can wash off the balm of an anointed King,” the PDP must realise it is blessed with Atiku Abubakar. Balogun, a political analyst, writes from Ibadan    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: 950 More Nigerian Children Under Five Could Die Daily Without Urgent Action ― UNICEF
It has been observed that unless urgent actions are taken, an additional 950 Nigerian children, mostly under-five years, could die daily from preventable causes over the next six months as the COVID-19 pandemic disrupts routine services and threatens to weaken the health system… Read full story WHO Warns Coronavirus May Never Go Away As Toll Nears 300,000
The coronavirus may never go away and populations will have to learn to live with it just as they have HIV, the World Health Organization has warned, as the global death toll from the disease nears 300,000. There were also gloomy forecasts from the US Federal Reserve, which said prolonged shutdowns to stem… Read full story COVID-19: When Eye Glasses Become Important
SCIENTISTS are still deep in the research process of uncovering all the ways in which COVID-19 can be transmitted. Now, in a new study, researchers at the University of Hong Kong have found eyes are ‘important route’ for coronavirus. The findings are challenging the widely held assumption in the earliest stages of the… Read full story Why We Rejected Zoom Meeting With FG —ASUU President
The president of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, has explained why the union refused to hold meeting via Zoom platform with the Federal Government’s representatives, saying such meeting would not yield any tangible result as it would be difficult to control… Read full story How 13 Members Of Crime Group, Shila Boys, Landed In Adamawa Police Net
Thirteen members of a crime group in Adamawa State known as Shila Boys were on Wednesday, May 13, paraded after they were arrested for attacking residents of the state. The newly-established Task Force to fight against crime in the state arrested the 13 members and recovered weapons as well as tricycles… Read full story Why FG Should Stop Working Against Domestic Airlines
If there is anything that is standing for the governments in places like America, Europe, Asia and Middle East and other developed nations of the world, that thing is patriotism and the over protectionism policy of the governments of these nations when it comes to their own things… Read full story Six Opposition Party Members Arrested For Distributing Face Masks In Cameroon Market
Six members of Cameroon’s opposition party, the Cameroon Renaissance Movement (MRC), have been arrested for distributing face masks and hand sanitisers in the capital, Yaoundé. The six men were picked up at the Mokolo market, one of the largest in the country… Read full story Pandemics In History: Was Nigeria Prepared For Covid-19? (2)
LAST week, some patients who had been isolated from the rest of society on account of coronavirus infection in Gombe State reportedly vacated the Federal Teaching Hospital in Gombe, the state capital, to protest the poor state of facilities and treatment. Earlier, patients in the Kwadom Infectious Disease Hospital in the… Read full story COVID-19 Isn’t Just A Respiratory Disease, It Affects The Whole Body
The patient had been relatively fine for the first 10 days he was down with COVID-19. Just 38, he didn’t fit the description of people at high risk of complications from the new coronavirus. “He had mild pulmonary symptoms that he was just sitting at home with,” said Dr Sean Wengerter, a vascular surgeon in Pomona… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Protests By Covid-19 Patients In Gombe
LAST week, some patients who had been isolated from the rest of society on account of coronavirus infection in Gombe State reportedly vacated the Federal Teaching Hospital in Gombe, the state capital, to protest the poor state of facilities and treatment. Earlier, patients in the Kwadom Infectious Disease Hospital in the… Read full story How Children Were Separated During Playtime In ‘Chalk Isolation Boxes’ As Schools Resume In France
Some heart-breaking photographs of nursery school children forced to play in ‘isolation sections’ in French schools have caused shock and outrage, the Daily Mail of UK has reported. The photos, taken in the town of Tourcoing on the border with Belgium, show boys and girls forced to stay away from each other inside areas… Read full story Ooni Of Ife To Partner Afe Babalola Varsity To Produce Drugs, Vaccines For Coronavirus, Others
The Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, has concluded plans to partner with Afe Babalola University Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD) on a clinical research aimed at developing drugs and vaccines for viral infections with special focus on coronavirus pandemic… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!