NO member of the Aso Villa cabal had an input in the selection of the new Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Professor Ibrahim Gambari, top-level sources knowledgeable about the selection process disclosed last night. Precisely, Aso Villa sources indicate that the selection of Professor Gambari was already a fait accompli as soon as the post became vacant because he had been seen as a potential Chief of Staff. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the late Mallam Abba Kyari was almost not reappointed as the Chief of Staff in 2019, but for some late moves. Nigerian Tribune also learnt that when Kyari died as a result of COVID-19, the president needed someone he could trust outside of the cabal and outside of the group of other well-known contenders against the cabal. The source said: “The president had come very close to that decision way back after the 2019 election as he looked forward to his 2023 legacy narratives.” He added that Buhari, “being a methodical person,” settled for the man who came second when he drew up the list of his potential chief of staff. Nigerian Tribune also gathered from within official circles that while Gambari had not been so visible in the Buhari administration, he is touted to be among the few who the president trusted and had access to him all through the years. Now, according to the sources, a new kitchen cabinet is emerging around the president with the emergence of Gambari as the Chief of Staff, with indications that the compact group of trusted aides of closest advisers will now be dominated by Gambari, the National Security Adviser (NSA), Major-General Babagana Monguno and the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, while many in the Villa now expect an effective synergy with the office of the vice president, unlike under the previous circumstances. The new COS will report for work today, having just attended only the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting last week. Nigerian Tribune also learnt that remnants of the cabal have resolved not to allow themselves to be consigned and are pulling strings around the new chief of staff to draft and co-opt him.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING 30 Staff Members Of An Organisation In Ibadan Test Positive For Coronavirus
No fewer than 30 members of staff of an organisation in Ibadan have tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, confirmed this in a tweet on Saturday. He further disclosed that the state has recorded 31 new cases of coronavirus, bringing the total number of… Read full story Buhari Gets Madagascar Formula Against COVID-19
President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday at the State House, Abuja, received Covid Organic, the Madagascan native formulation against the COVID-19 pandemic. Samples of the solution were delivered to him by President Umaro Sissoco Embalo of Guinea Bissau who brought them along as part of the traditional medicine… Read full story Produce Chinese Doctors Within 48hrs, PDP Tells FG
Amidst denial over the whereabout of Chinese doctors who arrived Nigeria amidst public outcry, the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government a 48-hour ultimatum to declare the whereabouts of the Chinese medical team it brought… Read full story FG Defies Canada, Insists Air Peace Must Evacuate 319 Stranded Nigerians
The Federal Government has defied the Canada High Commission in Nigeria by insisting that Nigerian carrier, Air Peace which it had earlier designated, must evacuate the over 319 Nigerians stranded from the… Read full story US May Restore Funding To WHO ― Trump
US President Donald Trump said on Saturday his administration was considering numerous proposals about the World Health Organisation (WHO), including one in which Washington would pay about 10 per cent of its former level. In a posting on Twitter, Trump underscored that no final decision had been made and that… Read full story PHOTOS: Thousands Protest Germany’s Coronavirus Policies
Thousands of people across Germany demonstrated against coronavirus-related restrictions on Saturday, in some cases with far more participants showing up than had been approved. In the southern city of Munich, far more people than the 1,000 participants approved by the city wanted to demonstrate… Read full story COVID-19: States Adopt Austerity Measures To Tame Effects Of Pandemic
COVID-19’s attack on the Nigeria’s economy is multifaceted. China, the country from where the pandemic travelled to other parts of the globe, is the world’s largest crude oil importer. To contain the spread of the virus within its territory, China shut down its factories and restricted its nationals to their homes… Read full story The Conversations On Agboola Gambari
IF credentials and academic certificates/laurels approximated excellence, by now, applauses to President Muhammadu Buhari for his choice of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as the successor to the late Abba Kyari as his Chief of Staff should be reaching their crescendo. Rather, the high-caliber diplomat and academic… Read full story We Are In Support Of Yoruba, Biafra Admission Into UNPO —Middle Belt President
The national president, Middle Belt Forum, Dr Bitrus Pogu, in this interview with ISAAC SHOBAYO, speaks on the admission of the Biafra and the Yoruba nations by the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO) as its members and the controversies trailing the recognition, especially in the northern… Read full story ‘Why Doctrines Of Christian Denominations Differ’
Professor David Irefin, a professor at the Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi State, is also an archbishop of Brotherhood of Cross and Star. In this interview, he speaks about the difference between his church and other denominations. YEKINI JIMOH brings excerpts… Read full story Can Gambari Change @75?
PROFESSOR Ibrahim Agboola Gambari is one of the most dangerous public servants Nigeria has seen on the local and international scenes for about four decades now. As he was officially announced as new Chief of Staff to the President on Wednesday, I called a global diplomat with great concern for Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story What Marriage Has Done To My Life —Adekunle Gold
Popular alternative singer, Adekunle Gold may have travelled around the world, performed at some the biggest stages across Europe, including the 02 Arena, and emerged one of the most sought after Nigerian music stars. He may have had plenty of successes recorded in the last five years since he broke into the Nigerian… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE