 MORE mixed feelings still reigns in both the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) over the mode of primaries to pick their standard-bearers for the forthcoming governorship primaries. The situation in the ruling APC is more intense as the chairmen of the two factions in the Edo State chapter of the party are still digging in as the countdown to the intra-party poll begins. While Mr Anslem Ojezua, who is loyal to incumbent Governor Godwin Obaseki, insisted on indirect primary to pick the candidate of the party, Colonel David Imuse (retd), who leads the camp of the party loyal to the national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, is in support of the decision of the National Working Committee (NWC) for direct primary where every card-carrying party member will vote for the aspirant of their choice. Ojezua, who spoke in an interview with the Nigerian Tribune, said it was up to the state executive of the party to determine the mode of the primary in line with the decision National Executive Committee (NEC) of the APC, which had before now, given them the nod. But Imuse disputed the claim, insisting that it was wrong for an aspirant to determine how the primary election should be conducted. Imuse likened the position of the camp of Governor Obaseki to a case of one candidate in an examination dictating for his examiner that he wants it in theory while the examiner insists on objective. He quipped: “How does that work out? Obaseki is just one of the aspirants. Mind you, the APC has many aspirants jostling for the party ticket and the NWC is supposed to be the umpire. How can one of the aspirants, an interested party, determine for the party the mode of the primary? Does that make sense?” Ojezua however faulted his opponent, saying it was obvious that the APC national leadership was not neutral and was the reason why it didn’t deem it fit to consult the state chapter and hurriedly came out with the mode and also gave waiver to one of the aspirants who re-join the party only late last year. Asked what will be his camp’s next line of action, he warned: “We have several options. You will note that some of the leaders disagreed. We are in a democracy and not military garrison. We will take steps to stop them.” The two camps, however, maintained that they were prepared for the primary and would mobilise their supporters for the election proper for a landslide victory for the ruling party come next September. On his part, the chairman of the PDP in the state, Aziegbemi, hoped that the aspirants for the party’s ticket would faithfully accept the outcome of the party primaries, promising a level-playing field for all the contestants. “We expect that the primary is going to be very free and credible. We expect that the aspirants will go about campaigning and take their message to delegates in a very robust and peaceful manner while also helping them to bring in more people to the party so that at the end of it all, everybody will be satisfied with what went on at the primary. “We should expect them to accept the result of the primary. It is a combination of making sure that every aspirant believes in the system that we are talking of and taking the message to the party structures at the different local government areas for the purpose of the governorship election coming up in September,” he said.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!