THE spontaneous anger triggered by the bill titled Infectious Diseases Control Bill 2020 has subsisted because of the resolve by the leadership of the House of Representatives to stick to its gun on the matter. The bill is being sponsored by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamilla; Pascal Obi, the chairman, House Committee on Health Institutions and Tanko Sununu, chairman of the Committee on Health Services. Overall, the bill wants a repeal of the Quarantine Act and the enactment of the Control of Infectious Diseases Bill, which has 82 clauses. In an attempt to speedily pass it into law, the House had resolved to suspend its Standing Rules despite  opposition from some lawmakers. The bill stipulates a penalty of between N200,000 and N5 million, as well as jail terms for defaulters. It also seeks to empower the president, the Minister of Health, the Director-General (DG) of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to take various decisions, while also canvassing forceful quarantining and vaccination of citizens. For instance, the Minister of Health may proclaim any premises an isolation area for a certain period, with the expiration of such period, in the first instance, at his discretion. The bill also provides that every person on an international journey leaving or arriving Nigeria must have valid evidence of having undergone vaccination against all or any of the diseases. However, most of the lawmakers complained that they did not have copies of the bill when it surfaced on the floor of the House. That being the case, they did not have the privilege to fully digest, scrutinize and articulate their views in line with the established norms and culture of legislative business. But the leadership of the House has stoutly defended the major lapses that characterised the processes involved in circulating the bill. Yet, to all intents and purposes, the bill is authoritarian. It blatantly seeks to undermine the basic fundamental rights of citizens and the overriding essence of any law, which is the good of the people. It appears to be a deliberate move to curtail the freedoms of the citizenry  and confer awesome powers on top government functionaries. The clauses on compulsory vaccination and annexation of private property as isolation centres amount to barefaced denial of the intrinsic values of society and democracy which the parliament is unconditionally required to protect, sustain and buoy. We find it curious that those behind the bill seek to confer awesome powers on the NCDC DG who, happily, has expressed reservations on the bill because of its timing and other factors. With the country currently on edge because of the continued spread of Covid-19, there is no need for the distraction which the bill represents. Indeed, there was no justification for the initial speed with which the leadership of the National Assembly wanted to railroad the assembly into passing the bill. We therefore demand that the House fully guarantee and ensure all the procedural trajectory of legislation on the contentious bill. All major stakeholders must be allowed to espouse their views at public hearings and make  inputs into the bill at a more auspicious time in the future. With the prevailing lockdown and other restrictions occasioned by the Covid-19 pandemic, such a critical phase of legislative business is not feasible at this time. What is needed are concerted efforts to save Nigerians from the disease. While it is always necessary to be proactive during emergencies, the actions taken by the government should never be at the expense of the rights, comfort and survival of the people. Perceived gross disobedience by a few to any law should not be a license to resort to an overkill. The government is meant to protect life and property and guarantee civil liberties. The bill, in its present form, will impede these objectives. The majority of its provisions are dehumanizing, reprehensible and objectionable.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING 30 Staff Members Of An Organisation In Ibadan Test Positive For Coronavirus
No fewer than 30 members of staff of an organisation in Ibadan have tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, confirmed this in a tweet on Saturday. He further disclosed that the state has recorded 31 new cases of coronavirus, bringing the total number of… Read full story Buhari Gets Madagascar Formula Against COVID-19
President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday at the State House, Abuja, received Covid Organic, the Madagascan native formulation against the COVID-19 pandemic. Samples of the solution were delivered to him by President Umaro Sissoco Embalo of Guinea Bissau who brought them along as part of the traditional medicine… Read full story Produce Chinese Doctors Within 48hrs, PDP Tells FG
Amidst denial over the whereabout of Chinese doctors who arrived Nigeria amidst public outcry, the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government a 48-hour ultimatum to declare the whereabouts of the Chinese medical team it brought… Read full story FG Defies Canada, Insists Air Peace Must Evacuate 319 Stranded Nigerians
The Federal Government has defied the Canada High Commission in Nigeria by insisting that Nigerian carrier, Air Peace which it had earlier designated, must evacuate the over 319 Nigerians stranded from the… Read full story US May Restore Funding To WHO ― Trump
US President Donald Trump said on Saturday his administration was considering numerous proposals about the World Health Organisation (WHO), including one in which Washington would pay about 10 per cent of its former level. In a posting on Twitter, Trump underscored that no final decision had been made and that… Read full story PHOTOS: Thousands Protest Germany’s Coronavirus Policies
Thousands of people across Germany demonstrated against coronavirus-related restrictions on Saturday, in some cases with far more participants showing up than had been approved. In the southern city of Munich, far more people than the 1,000 participants approved by the city wanted to demonstrate… Read full story COVID-19: States Adopt Austerity Measures To Tame Effects Of Pandemic
COVID-19’s attack on the Nigeria’s economy is multifaceted. China, the country from where the pandemic travelled to other parts of the globe, is the world’s largest crude oil importer. To contain the spread of the virus within its territory, China shut down its factories and restricted its nationals to their homes… Read full story The Conversations On Agboola Gambari
IF credentials and academic certificates/laurels approximated excellence, by now, applauses to President Muhammadu Buhari for his choice of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as the successor to the late Abba Kyari as his Chief of Staff should be reaching their crescendo. Rather, the high-caliber diplomat and academic… Read full story We Are In Support Of Yoruba, Biafra Admission Into UNPO —Middle Belt President
The national president, Middle Belt Forum, Dr Bitrus Pogu, in this interview with ISAAC SHOBAYO, speaks on the admission of the Biafra and the Yoruba nations by the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO) as its members and the controversies trailing the recognition, especially in the northern… Read full story ‘Why Doctrines Of Christian Denominations Differ’
Professor David Irefin, a professor at the Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi State, is also an archbishop of Brotherhood of Cross and Star. In this interview, he speaks about the difference between his church and other denominations. YEKINI JIMOH brings excerpts… Read full story Can Gambari Change @75?
PROFESSOR Ibrahim Agboola Gambari is one of the most dangerous public servants Nigeria has seen on the local and international scenes for about four decades now. As he was officially announced as new Chief of Staff to the President on Wednesday, I called a global diplomat with great concern for Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story What Marriage Has Done To My Life —Adekunle Gold
Popular alternative singer, Adekunle Gold may have travelled around the world, performed at some the biggest stages across Europe, including the 02 Arena, and emerged one of the most sought after Nigerian music stars. He may have had plenty of successes recorded in the last five years since he broke into the Nigerian… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE