24-year old Daniel James, an indigene of Akwa Ibom State and a resident of Akure cheated death after he was attacked with a machete severally on the head by some suspected Fulani herdsmen along Imafo axis of Akure, the capital city of Ondo State on Thursday. Daniel, who survives on the daily returns from his Okada business was reported to have picked up some men on his way to Imafo to visit his family. According to him, his attackers also took away his motorcycle and were Fulanis as he could hear them speak fluently in their language and also recognizes one of them very well. ALSO READ: IPPIS a ‘monster’, instrument of torment, says SSANIP Explaining his ordeal to our source at the police clinic where he is currently receiving treatment in Akure, James said: “I live in Akure, that day I went to Imafo to visit my parents, on my way there, I saw some people on the way who stopped me and asked me to take them to Imafo and return them back, that they wanted to buy something. “So After buying what they wanted to buy, I returned them back to where I picked them up. It was time for them to pay me and one of them said he only had 50 Naira with him, while the second dipped his hand in his pocket to bring out the money. “As I turned around to get the money from him, I was hit on the head with a log of wood. I fell in the bush by the roadside and they attacked me severally on the head with a machete like an animal and rook away my motorcycle, hoping that I had lost consciousness and would die, but thank God, and for the good Samaritan who brought me to the police clinic here in Akure, if not, I would have died. He, however, pleaded that he needed help to recover his stolen motorcycle back, as he got it on instalment and haven’t paid back the balance. He also called on compassionate citizens to come to his aid as he needed to foot the medical bill and needed more medical attention. Every attempt to get the position of the Police Command in Akure, Ondo State on this matter, as at the time of filing this report, proved abortive. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria Running Out Of Foreign Exchange Amid Oil Price Collapse —Ex-US Ambassador, Campbell
THE fall in international oil prices is having a devastating impact on Nigeria’s formal economy, a former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr John Campbell, has said. Campbell, in a blog posted on the website of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a United States think tank with specialisation in foreign policy and… Read full story FG To Submit List Of School Feeding Vendors To EFCC ― Minister
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said the list of all participating vendors in the modified School Feeding Programme will be submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… Read full story NAFDAC Harps On Need To Promote Local Manufacturers
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has restated the need for Nigeria to promote local manufacturing sector. The Director-General of the NAFDAC, Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, made this assertion at a news conference to commemorate the launch of palliatives for Micro, Small and… Read full story 79-Year-Old Retired Nigerian Doctor, Wife Die Of Coronavirus In UK 10 Days Apart
Dr James Oniah, from Onitsha, Anambra State who was a retired radiologist, succumbed to coronavirus on April 24 while his wife, Mary Oniah, from Zambia, passed away from the virus on May 4. They both died at King George Hospital in Ilford, East London leaving behind three children as well as other family members… Read full story Real Reasons The Buhari Cabal Picked Gambari As Chief Of Staff
Few appointments have generated as much excitement— and entranced the imagination of Nigerians— as the appointment of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff. The Emir of Ilorin thanked Buhari for it even though there is no record of him publicly thanking Olusegun Obasanjo… Read full story Can COVID-19 Infect A Person Twice?
The immune system’s memory is rather like our own – it remembers some infections clearly, but has a habit of forgetting others. Measles is highly memorable – one bout should give life-long immunity (as the weakened version in its vaccine also does). However, there are many others that are pretty forgettable… Read full story COVID-19: Kwara Foils Patients’ Plot To Escape From Isolation Centre
The Kwara Government’s intelligence network has uncovered a plot by some COVID-19 patients to escape from the state isolation centre at the early hour of Friday. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and spokesman to the state COVID-19 Committee, Rafiu Ajakaye made this disclosure in a statement in Ilorin… Read full story