Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State has commiserated with his counterparts in Sokoto and Oyo States, Hon Aminu Tambuwal and Engineer Seyi Makinde respectively, over the death of their commissioners. The commissioners are Hon Surajo Marafa-Gatawa, Sokoto State Commissioner for Lands and Housing, and the Oyo State Commissioner for Environment and Mineral Resources, Hon Kehinde Ayoola. Oyetola, in a condolence message issued on Saturday by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail Omipidan, sympathised with the families of the bereaved and Governments of Sokoto and Oyo states. “On behalf of the government and people of thesState of Osun, I condole with my colleagues, Rt Hon Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto and Seyi Makinde of Oyo States over the death of two serving commissioners in their respective cabinets. I also commiserate with the families, friends and associates of the deceased. “Their sudden and unfortunate death has robbed their states of the services of patriotic and hard-working public servants,” Oyetola said. The governor noted that the deceased were outstanding politicians, who were loyal and dedicated to their duties, and would be sorely missed by their families and the people they served. He prayed to God to grant the souls of the deceased eternal rest and comfort their governors, families and loved ones. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria Running Out Of Foreign Exchange Amid Oil Price Collapse —Ex-US Ambassador, Campbell
THE fall in international oil prices is having a devastating impact on Nigeria’s formal economy, a former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr John Campbell, has said. Campbell, in a blog posted on the website of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a United States think tank with specialisation in foreign policy and… Read full story FG To Submit List Of School Feeding Vendors To EFCC ― Minister
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said the list of all participating vendors in the modified School Feeding Programme will be submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… Read full story NAFDAC Harps On Need To Promote Local Manufacturers
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has restated the need for Nigeria to promote local manufacturing sector. The Director-General of the NAFDAC, Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, made this assertion at a news conference to commemorate the launch of palliatives for Micro, Small and… Read full story 79-Year-Old Retired Nigerian Doctor, Wife Die Of Coronavirus In UK 10 Days Apart
Dr James Oniah, from Onitsha, Anambra State who was a retired radiologist, succumbed to coronavirus on April 24 while his wife, Mary Oniah, from Zambia, passed away from the virus on May 4. They both died at King George Hospital in Ilford, East London leaving behind three children as well as other family members… Read full story Real Reasons The Buhari Cabal Picked Gambari As Chief Of Staff
Few appointments have generated as much excitement— and entranced the imagination of Nigerians— as the appointment of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff. The Emir of Ilorin thanked Buhari for it even though there is no record of him publicly thanking Olusegun Obasanjo… Read full story Can COVID-19 Infect A Person Twice?
The immune system’s memory is rather like our own – it remembers some infections clearly, but has a habit of forgetting others. Measles is highly memorable – one bout should give life-long immunity (as the weakened version in its vaccine also does). However, there are many others that are pretty forgettable… Read full story COVID-19: Kwara Foils Patients’ Plot To Escape From Isolation Centre
The Kwara Government’s intelligence network has uncovered a plot by some COVID-19 patients to escape from the state isolation centre at the early hour of Friday. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and spokesman to the state COVID-19 Committee, Rafiu Ajakaye made this disclosure in a statement in Ilorin… Read full story