PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to visit him during the celebration so as not to spread COVID-19. According to a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Friday, the decisions were  in compliance with the protocols of social distancing to check the spread of COVID-19 in the country. The statement reads: “With the Eid-el-Fitr celebrations around the corner and the month-long Ramadan fast coming to an end, President Muhammadu Buhari will be conducting his Eid prayers with his family at home. “This is in observance of the lockdown measures in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, put in place to save lives and protect people from all dangers. “This is also in line with the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto and President General of the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III suspending Eid congregational prayers across the country as well as the protocol against mass gathering issued by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. “Further to this, the president who has traditionally shared the joyous moment with top government officials, political leaders, community heads, Muslim and Christian leaders and children, will not be receiving homage in a bid to stop the coronavirus from further spreading.” Also, the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, felicitated the Muslim ummah in the country on this year’s Eid-el-Fitr. In a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police, the IGP noted that the conclusion of Ramadan, a period of self-denial geared towards attaining wholesomeness, reinforced his belief that with the citizens’ collective perseverance and voluntary compliance with the prevention regulations emplaced by governments at all levels, the nation would overcome the COVID-19 pandemic. The police boss, however, reminded the citizens that the COVID-19 prevention regulation orders, including the inter-state movement restriction, national curfew and prohibition of mass socio-religious gatherings by the Federal Government in Lagos, Ogun and Kano states as well as the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and restrictions by governments in some states of the federation were still in force. He therefore implored the citizens to observe the Eid celebrations bearing in mind the unusual times occasioned by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic as the force would leave no stone unturned towards the enforcement of the orders. The IGP assured the nation of adequate security during and after the celebrations, noting that proactive and robust anti-crime measures, including deployments of tactical and intelligence assets of the force were already in place to prevent any untoward incidents in the country. Ensure sallah prayers are only held at Juma’at mosques, Sultan tells Sokoto district heads THE Sultan of Sokoto, has also told district heads in Sokoto State to ensure that Eid-el-Fitr prayers are held only at Juma’at mosques in their domains as against the normal praying ground. This is contained in a statement signed by the chairman of the Advisory Committee on Religious Affairs, Sultanate Council, Professor Sambo Junaidu, where the Sultan also directed the district heads, village heads and Imams of Juma’at mosques to lead the Eid prayers in their respective mosques, while Eid fields should remain closed. Abubakar said the directive was to enable the people maintain the social distancing measure advised by professionals in order to curtail the spread of the coronavirus pandemic in the state. “Moreover, there should be no gathering or traditional celebration during the period, as such, people should remain at their respective residences to celebrate,” he said.  Moon not sighted, Ramadan ends today – Sultan Sultan Abubakar late on Friday confirmed that this year’s Ramadan will end today, as moon for the new month was not sighted on Friday. According to a statement signed by the chairman of the Advisory Committee on Religious Affairs, Sultanate Council, Sokoto, Professor Sambo Wali Junaidu, the council and the National Moon Sighting Committee did not receive any report from the various moon sighting committees across the country on Friday. It said today, Saturday, 23 May, 2020, is, therefore, the 30th day of the month of Ramadan 1441 AH. “His Eminence, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, the Sultan of Sokoto and President General, Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), has accepted the report and accordingly declared tomorrow, Sunday, 24 May, 2020, as the first day of Shawwal 1441AH. “Sultan Abubakar felicitates the Nigerian Muslim Ummah and wishes them Allah’s guidance and blessings,” the statement said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  FG Declares Monday, Tuesday Public Holidays To Eidul-Fitr Celebration
THE Federal Government has declared Monday, May 25 and Tuesday, May 26, 2020 as public holidays to mark this year’s Eidul-Fitr Celebration. Tribune Online reports that the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government in a statement made available to… Read full story Schools Will Reopen Soon But No Date ― FG THE Federal Government has disclosed that there are plans to soon reopen schools nationwide, saying, however, that this will not be done in two weeks as being speculated in some quarters. Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made the clarification on Thursday during the Presidential Task Force on… Read full story NLC Decries Incessant Harassment Of Healthcare Workers By Security Agents
The Lagos State Council, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), has decried the recent harassment and intimidation of healthcare workers by security officers, including Nigeria Police in the state. The state Chairman, Mrs Agnes Sessi, expressed the concern at the inauguration of the union’s Labour-Civil Society Situation… Read full story Air Peace Announces Plans To Downsize, Stop Inflight Services On Resumption
Nigeria’s domestic airline, Air Peace has indicated plans to downsize once flight operations resume. The Chairman of the airline, Mr Allen Onyema who declared this during a webinar organised by Aelex partners with the theme: “Survival Strategies for Nigerian Airlines’, said the downsize will affect some of his workers even… Read full story Court Jails Man 26 Years For Abducting, Marrying, Impregnating 14-Year-Old Ese Oruru
A Federal High Court sitting in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State Capital, has convicted Yunusa Dahiru for the abduction of 14-year-old Ese Oruru and getting her pregnant in the process. The presiding judge, Justice Jane Inyang, sentenced Dahiru to 26 years imprisonment in a judgment she delivered on Thursday… Read full story Rising Inflation Puts CBN In Dilemma ― Uwaleke 
The rising inflation rate poses a challenge to monetary policy especially in the face of the need to stimulate economic activities through a lower interest rate environment and rescue the economy from recession. Uche Uwaleke, a professor of Finance at the Nasarawa State University who stated this in reaction to… Read full story VIDEO+PHOTOS: Man Lands His Helicopter At Filling Station To Fill The Tank
It was a strange moment in Poland when a man landed his helicopter at a filling station to fill up on gas before paying and flying off, the Daily Mail of UK reported on Thursday. Mobile phone footage of the scene shows stunned customers looking on as the pilot landed his chopper to a petrol pump at the station in… Read full story WHO Reviewing Impact Of Trump’s Decision To Withhold Funding
The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Thursday said it was reviewing the impact of the decision of the United States President, Donald Trump, to withhold its funding to the organisation on its works and activities. Tribune Online reports that the WHO Country Representative in Nigeria, Dr. Fiona Braka regretted… Read full story How Lockdown Made Pregnant Woman To Die During Labour In Ogun
A pregnant woman, Mrs Waidat Adedeji, died on Thursday, at Ita-Otu General Hospital, Ibiade in Ogun Waterside Local Government Area of Ogun State during labour. Tribune Online learnt that the woman who fell into labour and was being taken to the hospital on a motorcycle by the rider along with one of her children… Read full story We’ve Spent N800 Million To Test 16,000 People For Coronavirus, Says Lagos Govt
Lagos State government on Thursday said it had expended about N800 million in carrying out 16,000 COVID-19 test in the state so far, disclosing that each of the test, which had been fully paid for, costs between N40,000 and N50,000. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Professor Akin Abayomi, made this known… Read full story Why Buhari Gives Appointment To Those He Knows —Kokori
Chief Ovie Frank Kokori, a former secretary general of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) and current stalwart of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, is worried by the rate of unending corruption, insecurity caused by herdsmen and kidnappers and issue… Read full story Customs Intercept N1.2bn Cannabis On Lagos Waters
Operatives of the Western Marine Command of Nigeria Customs Service(NCS) have intercepted drugs suspected to be Cannabis Sativa valued at N1,002,050,000 during a seagoing patrol on Lagos waters. The Controller of the command, Comptroller Olugboyega Peters, revealed this in a statement in Lagos on Thursday… Read full story Father And Son Surrender To Police After Killing Neighbour For Allegedly Sleeping With Wife
A father and his son have surrendered themselves to the police in Nasarawa State after killing their neighbour. Mr Henry Oboteh, a trado-medical doctor, who was said to be in his mid-50s, was killed by one Mr Collins, his son and his security guard on Wednesday, May 20, at Angwan Tiv in Masaka, for allegedly… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING