DESPITE the telling effects of COVID 19 on businesses and economies around the globe, professionals in the country believe the pandemic, however, presents the opportunity for the country to reset her economy, rebrand her products and refocus on other areas of growth. They argued that though the public health crisis had continued to take its toll on personal and corporate economies, it however presents an opportunity for circumspection for stakeholders in the country. The Founder/Chief Executive Officer, 7Gongs Brand and Media, Henry Omafodezi, in a paper titled, ‘COVID 19 And The State of PR: Personal Experience’ argued that, despite its debilitating effects on businesses, one of the opportunities presented by the pandemic remains its likelihood of  reinforcing the importance of Public Relations practice. While admitting that the public health crisis might have its attendant effects on marketing budgets, company’s revenues and others, he however observed that the pandemic had also enhanced the increasing popularity of the practice as a management function. “I have read comments from some industry pundits, suggesting that the crisis will have a debilitating effect on the practice. Their argument is that when marketing budgets shrink, PR is usually among the first to go. So with the current job cuts and revenue decline, many organisations will re-evaluate their need for PR. “I admit that while I understand the basis of this viewpoint, my experience couldn’t be farther from that. Pre-COVID 19, we were witnessing the increasing ascendancy of PR as a management function. I believe that the current atmosphere has reinforced the relevancy of the practice in that role. “Almost all my clients have had to re-evaluate and reposition their businesses in line with the times. Without exception, they have all needed strategic communication plans to get stakeholders’ buy-in, without fuelling further instability in the already tense atmosphere,” he stated. Omafodezi argued that the practice becomes relevant more than ever before since it is expected to provide a ‘PR-centric’ solution to the challenges and tension, the public crisis must have wrought on the industry. Chief Executive Officer of Wealthgate Advisor, Mr. Adebiyi Adesuyi believes the pandemic presents stakeholders, especially the federal government the opportunity to reset the economy, diversify it and rebrand some of the nation’s products. Adesuyi argued that the time had come for the nation’s manufacturers to begin to rebrand their products, add value to such products, in order to make them acceptable in the global market. According to him, if well packaged, such products could be major sources of foreign exchange earnings for the country. Citing the example of Madagascar, said to have discovered anti –COVID 19 drugs, lately, the Wealthgate Advisor’s boss argued that the country must be ready to toe such lines if she hoped to get her economy out of the woods. “I believe the pandemic provides us the opportunity to look inwards. It is an opportunity for our manufacturers to begin to add value to their products and also improve on their packaging to make them acceptable in the global market. If they are able to get that right, it would go a long way in boosting our foreign exchange earnings and complement our earnings on oil,” he stated.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Lagos Will Not Hesitate To Review Easing Of Lockdown If… ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday warned that the state government will not hesitate to review the terms of easing of lockdown currently in operation if it continues to see evidence that Lagosians are determined to flout the rules… Read full story Agency Arrests LG Chairman For Allegedly Sharing Palliatives To Police, DSS, Others
Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption (PCAC) has arrested Kumbotso Local Government Council Chairman, Alhaji Kabiru Ado Panshekara over alleged abuse of power in the distribution of government palliatives in his local government… Read full story Journalist Tests Positive For COVID-19 In Bauchi
A journalist working in Bauchi State has tested positive for the novel coronavirus, the state’s deputy governor, Mr Baba Tela, announced on Saturday. Tela, who is also the chairman of the Bauchi State Task Force on COVID-19 and Lassa fever, made the announcement at a news conference at Government House in Bauchi… Read full story Yoruba, Biafra UNPO Membership: Risk Of Nigeria Breaking Up Now Higher
Concerns over the risk of Nigeria breaking up with some ethnic nationalities pulling out of the union appear to have been heightened with the admission of the Yoruba and Igbo nations into the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO)… Read full story Latter-Days Saints Refutes Claim Church Refunding Tithes To Members
Contrary to the news doing the rounds that the Church of Jesus Christ Latter-Days Saints, has concluded plans to refund the total amount of money paid as tithe in the last three years to members across the world to cushion the effect of the coronavirus pandemic, the church has debunked the news as well as described it as fake… Read full story COVID-19: 160 Stranded Nigerians Depart U.S For Abuja
The first batch of Nigerians stranded in the United States due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic are on their way back home. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 160 Nigerians, including eight infants, made the first batch of evacuees… Read full story Police, NSCDC Officers Beat Up Soldier For Refusing To Wear Face Mask
A combined team of men of policemen and men of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSDC) beat up a soldier in Benin on Saturday after he allegedly refused to wear a face mask. The incident happened between 1 pm and 1:30 pm at the popular Lagos Street/Oba Market Street junction in downtown Benin… Read full story A’Ibom Intercepts Dead COVID-19 Victim, Isolates 6 Smugglers Of Body From Lagos
Border police officers manning the major entry point into Akwa Ibom State at the Abia/Akwa Ibom common boundary at Obot Akara Local Government Area have intercepted the remains of a suspected coronavirus patient said to have been smuggled into the state from Lagos… Read full story I’m Not The Cause Of Your Problem, Ortom Tells Benue Index Case
Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has informed the United Kingdom returnee who is the state’s COVID-19 index case, Mrs Susan Idoko Okpe, to redirect her grievances to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), saying he is not the architect of her woes… Read full story Warm Weather Doesn’t Curb COVID-19 Spread, Studies Reveal
Contrary to the general knowledge across the globe, two studies have revealed that warm weather does not kill off the coronavirus or curb its spread. The Daily Mail of UK reported that the studies, carried out by US and Canadian researchers, analysed more than 370,000 cases in thousands of different cities in… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos To Introduce Community Management Of Cases
Lagos State government says it will introduce the management of COVID-19 patients at community levels, so as to enhance the management of cases in the state. The state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made the disclosure while giving an update on the management of COVID-19 and review of the lockdown… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!