Sen. Bola Tinubu, the national leader of All Progressives Congress (APC) has commiserated with the family of late Waheed Bakare, Saturday Telegraph Editor, who died on Sunday. Tinubu also condoled the management of Telegraph Newspaper and the Guild of Editors over the editor’s death. In a condolence message by his media aide, Mr Tunde Rahman, on Tuesday in Lagos, the APC national leader also condoled with the Managing Director of Telegraph Newspaper, Mr Ayo Aminu. He described the late Bakare as a diligent and committed journalist, who was devoted to the journalism profession. “I’m deeply saddened by the news of the death of your colleague, Mr Waheed Bakare, the Saturday Telegraph Editor. “I have been made to understand and appreciate Mr Bakare’s journalism trajectory, particularly his rise from being an assistant editor at Punch Newspapers to the zenith of the profession as an editor at Telegraph Newspaper. “His career, as I learnt, was hallmarked by diligence, commitment, perseverance and professionalism. “I recall his contributions on Journalist Hangout, TVC’s award-winning programme, where he engaged in an incisive analysis of national issues. “Indeed, Mr Bakare’s demise is a sad loss, not only to his family, the Telegraph Newspaper, the Guild of Editors and the media industry generally but also a big loss to all of us. “My thoughts are with his family and colleagues at Telegraph Newspaper at this moment,’’ Tinubu said. The APC leader prayed Almighty Allah to comfort his wife and children and give them the strength to live with this demise. “I pray that Allah SWT accept the soul of Waheed, reward his good deeds as a devout Muslim, forgive his sins and grant him Aljanna Fridaus Amin.’’ (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!