Key players across the country’s aviation sector are calling on the federal government to urgently consider repositioning the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) towards surviving the post COVID-19 pandemic which has brought all activities at the 22 airports to a halt for close to two months. Joining in making this call, the Chairman of NIGAV Centre and Airport Business Summit, Mr Fortune Idu, attributed reasons for his position to the critical position of FAAN as the pillar of the fragile and slowly developing Nigeria’s aviation sector which he said: “requires that careful consideration be made by government in taking decision concerning the organisation and as such, retrenchment of staff cannot be considered in this circumstance but serious effort should be made to reposition FAAN to save the sector.”. Urging government to rescue FAAN from the COVID-19 ripple effect, Idu identified three areas the airports authority required to work on to remain financially strong  as; state intervention, FAAN recovery essentials and closing wastage gaps. Idu’s call for quick intervention may not be unconnected to the recent alarm raised by the management of FAAN that if the lockdown occasioned by the pandemic continues, that it might find it difficult to meet its salary obligations for the month of May amidst fear of downsizing. The expert’s position fell in line with the aviation sector regulators such as International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), Airports Council International (ACI) and International Air Transport Association (IATA) that have all put forward, various recommendations and templates for a post-COVID 19 aviation business recovery road map, part of which are calling for serious government financial rescue intervention to support the industry recovery. His words: “In Nigeria, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, has taken a serious toll on the fortunes of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) which is by and large, the strongest player within the nation’s aviation sector. He described the fear raised by the FAAN management as scary with its consequent negative implications on the over 12,000 income earners on the payroll of the Authority comprising both active staff and the retirees and even the ripple effects also being felt by other Agencies and businesses that derive their revenue from FAAN’s good financial performance. The dilemma of FAAN under the COVID-19 disaster he said now include: the burden of paying both salaries and running costs of the entire 22 airports which sadly rests on the revenue generation of just two of the airports. Speaking on the need for state intervention for FAAN, Idu urged the Federal Government to as a matter of urgency design and implement a financial Intervention process to support airport infrastructure projects just as he appealed that FAAN should be allowed to reinvest its Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) directly into airport development. He called for introduction of annual airport development Levy to be paid by states or private airports to FAAN as the airports development authority, adding that the levy should be used to set guidelines and monitor airport development operations nationwide as required by its statutory obligation. “Establishment of financial support services for investments in the aviation industry which will include the setting up of a special low interest Aviation Development Bank to support the peculiarity of investments within the aviation corridors of both aeronautic and non-aeronautic.” Another area he wants government to assist FAAN is in the recovery of outstanding debts currently owed it by airlines, agencies and States saying: “FAAN should design and begin the implementation of a private sector-like business model so as to make at least 10 out of its 22 airports self-sustaining or viable bearing in mind that in practical terms, not all airports can be viable as some will merely play social and economic support roles which are catalysts to development of other related businesses, but will not enhance their own bottom-line.” Under what he called FAAN Recovery Essentials, the NIGAV Boss wants FAAN to pursue with vigour, the improvement of non-aeronautic revenue and bring it up to 50% in its total airport revenue. Idu also wants FAAN to look into for revenue generation is in the area of leading a national drive for full scale aero logistics development with special investment focus on agro logistics as a way to improve cargo services and revenue, urging FAAN to aspire to earn 35% of its revenue from cargo services. On how FAAN can close wastages gaps, while calling for closure of all areas of procurement wastage so as to recoup up to 20% of its revenue from streamlined operational procurements in fire and other department, Idu said:”Close all areas of wastage emanating from recurring maintenance costs that does deliver value for money as the constant breaking down of the air conditioning system, conveyor belts, lifts etc has become a major concern to flying public and the stakeholders and as such, affecting FAAN’s reputation.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Osun Discharges Two Children, Six Others After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
Osun State government on Monday night announced the recovery and discharge of eight coronavirus patients including two children from its isolation centre… Read full story COVID-19: Police Seal Emir Of Daura’s Palace
Police have sealed off the palace of the Emir of Daura, Alhaji Umar Farouk as a result of the monarch’s failure to prevent congestion in the palace. A source who pleaded anonymity stated that the emir assembled over 1,000 people in his palace where he distributed food to them… Read full story Omowura: Man Who Sat On 200 Needles
Five hundred and thirty five pages in seven chapters girded firmly, front and back, by a Preface, a Foreword, an Afterword and an Acknowledgment! This unusual structure makes this an uncommon biography. The story, if seen as a drama, has all the trappings of a Shakespearean tragedy: There is Ayinla Omowura, the tragic hero… Read full story S/Korea Begins Payment Of $11.65bn Disaster Relief Money To Households
South Korea on Monday began payment of emergency disaster relief funds totaling 14.3 trillion won (US$11.65 billion) to all households, Reuters reports. The money is enable the households to cope with the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak… Read full story Delta Farmer Harvests World’s Largest Cassava Tuber
A farmer, Mr. Chuwudumebi Innocent Nwogwonuwe of Onitcha-Okpe Quarters, Ubulu-Uku, in Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, has harvested what is considered the largest tuber of Cassava in the world. The cassava tuber which is named scientifically as Manihot Esculenta measures over 10 feet in,,, Read full story Police Intercept, Return 42 Zamfara Travellers Who Hid In Truck In Lagos
Forty two passengers who were allegedly trying to move from Zamfara State into Lagos State through a food truck were on Monday intercepted by the police and sent back to their state. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the development to the Tribune Online and warned other… Read full story Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson, Welcomes Fourth Child In America
Popular Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie and her husband, Prince Odi Okojie have welcomed their fourth child in the United States. Nollywood icon, Desmond Elliot broke the news on his official Facebook page today saying: “Congrats to our big mama Mercy Johnson Okojie on your new baby… Read full story COVID-19: WHO Supports Scientifically-Proven Traditional Medicine
In the search for potential treatments for COVID-19, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has welcomed innovations around the world, including repurposing drugs, traditional medicines, and developing new therapies. According to a press release issued by the WHO, it recognises that traditional, complementary, and… Read full story 14 Medical Staff Test Positive For COVID-19 In Katsina
The Katsina State government has confirmed that 14 medical staff are among the 35 new patients who tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. Governor Aminu Bello Masari of the state made the confirmation while briefing pressmen on Monday on the number of coronavirus cases in the state… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Case Of Peace Ufuoma
EVERY now and then, a story comes to our attention that speaks to the depravity of the times and the specific ways in which the average Nigerian is caught up in it. Such, evidently, is the curious case of 30-year-old Peace Ufuoma, who was sensationally advertised for sale on Facebook by Beirut-based Wael Jerro, for a princely sum of… Read full story The Case For And Against Remote Hearing In Court
We are gradually getting to the center of it all, now marking one month and some days since the compulsory lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic, although this has not seriously affected some sectors of the economy designated as essential services. By and large, the legal profession is beginning to feel the impact of COVID 19 and… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!