THE Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) is sustaining its digital credentials with the commencement of its first online Automated Trading System (ATS) Certification Training for graduate members who desire to become Authorised Dealing Clerks of The Exchange. The first cohort under this new remote framework consists of 33 participants who would undergo this training from 8 May to 14 May 2020. The Automated Trading System (ATS) Certification Training is an intensive training organized by the NSE for individuals who have passed the Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers (CIS) qualification examination. It is part of the mandatory, eligibility and admission procedure for any individual who wishes to become an Authorized Dealer of The Exchange. Speaking on the transition to virtual training, Chief Executive Officer, NSE, Mr Oscar Onyema, OON said, “Since the activation of our Business Continuity Plan that saw us transition to remote trading and working, the NSE has remained resolute in its commitment to maintaining business and trading operations. The review of the ATS from the pre-existing classroom training to a virtual set up is just one of our efforts in leveraging our digital assets to maintain the flow of information and market activity; deliver on our mandate for capacity building; and continue to enhance stakeholders’ experience in our market.” The Head, Trading Business Division, NSE, Mr. Jude Chiemeka, also added, “The impact of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has necessitated that we come up with more digital friendly solutions to keep activities in the market moving. The volume of sign-ups we received for this virtual ATS Training is, therefore, a testament to the appetite of Nigerians to engage in our capital market as operators. The NSE is pleased about the keen interest we have seen and will continue to provide learning and trading opportunities that will benefit our stakeholders.” The ongoing ATS Training covers the standardised course outline and is being facilitated by subject matter experts within the capital market ecosystem including the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Central Securities Clearing System (CSCS), Registrars, Association of Issuing Houses of Nigeria (ASHON), Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers (CIS), and internal stakeholders within the NSE.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING 30 Staff Members Of An Organisation In Ibadan Test Positive For Coronavirus
No fewer than 30 members of staff of an organisation in Ibadan have tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, confirmed this in a tweet on Saturday. He further disclosed that the state has recorded 31 new cases of coronavirus, bringing the total number of… Read full story Buhari Gets Madagascar Formula Against COVID-19
President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday at the State House, Abuja, received Covid Organic, the Madagascan native formulation against the COVID-19 pandemic. Samples of the solution were delivered to him by President Umaro Sissoco Embalo of Guinea Bissau who brought them along as part of the traditional medicine… Read full story Produce Chinese Doctors Within 48hrs, PDP Tells FG
Amidst denial over the whereabout of Chinese doctors who arrived Nigeria amidst public outcry, the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government a 48-hour ultimatum to declare the whereabouts of the Chinese medical team it brought… Read full story FG Defies Canada, Insists Air Peace Must Evacuate 319 Stranded Nigerians
The Federal Government has defied the Canada High Commission in Nigeria by insisting that Nigerian carrier, Air Peace which it had earlier designated, must evacuate the over 319 Nigerians stranded from the… Read full story US May Restore Funding To WHO ― Trump
US President Donald Trump said on Saturday his administration was considering numerous proposals about the World Health Organisation (WHO), including one in which Washington would pay about 10 per cent of its former level. In a posting on Twitter, Trump underscored that no final decision had been made and that… Read full story PHOTOS: Thousands Protest Germany’s Coronavirus Policies
Thousands of people across Germany demonstrated against coronavirus-related restrictions on Saturday, in some cases with far more participants showing up than had been approved. In the southern city of Munich, far more people than the 1,000 participants approved by the city wanted to demonstrate… Read full story COVID-19: States Adopt Austerity Measures To Tame Effects Of Pandemic
COVID-19’s attack on the Nigeria’s economy is multifaceted. China, the country from where the pandemic travelled to other parts of the globe, is the world’s largest crude oil importer. To contain the spread of the virus within its territory, China shut down its factories and restricted its nationals to their homes… Read full story The Conversations On Agboola Gambari
IF credentials and academic certificates/laurels approximated excellence, by now, applauses to President Muhammadu Buhari for his choice of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as the successor to the late Abba Kyari as his Chief of Staff should be reaching their crescendo. Rather, the high-caliber diplomat and academic… Read full story We Are In Support Of Yoruba, Biafra Admission Into UNPO —Middle Belt President
The national president, Middle Belt Forum, Dr Bitrus Pogu, in this interview with ISAAC SHOBAYO, speaks on the admission of the Biafra and the Yoruba nations by the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO) as its members and the controversies trailing the recognition, especially in the northern… Read full story ‘Why Doctrines Of Christian Denominations Differ’
Professor David Irefin, a professor at the Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi State, is also an archbishop of Brotherhood of Cross and Star. In this interview, he speaks about the difference between his church and other denominations. YEKINI JIMOH brings excerpts… Read full story Can Gambari Change @75?
PROFESSOR Ibrahim Agboola Gambari is one of the most dangerous public servants Nigeria has seen on the local and international scenes for about four decades now. As he was officially announced as new Chief of Staff to the President on Wednesday, I called a global diplomat with great concern for Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story What Marriage Has Done To My Life —Adekunle Gold
Popular alternative singer, Adekunle Gold may have travelled around the world, performed at some the biggest stages across Europe, including the 02 Arena, and emerged one of the most sought after Nigerian music stars. He may have had plenty of successes recorded in the last five years since he broke into the Nigerian… Read full story QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE