Osun State Micro Credit Agency on Tuesday empowered cassava farmers as part of the state government’s efforts to revamp the agriculture sector in the state. Tribune Online reports that the agency said the development was aimed at meeting the needs of the seasonal cassava farmers. This was even as the beneficiaries lauded the administration of Governor Gboyega Oyetola for its continued support to farmers in the state. Speaking during the symbolic presentation of N5milion cheque to the beneficiaries, the General Manager, Osun Micro Credit Agency, Mr Dayo Babaranti, said the agency initiated the intervention as part of the efforts to motivate the farmers whose farms had been certified. Babaranti noted that the fund would also help the beneficiaries to procure necessary farm inputs in their quests to meet up with and take the good advantage of the planting season. He maintained that members of the 25 selected and accredited groups under the aegis of WAJEMCO Agricultural Food and Commercial Enterprises across Isokan and Irewole local government areas had been given N200,000 each for cassava plantation. According to him, thousands of Osun citizens whose businesses and investments are domiciled in the state had benefited from the series of empowerment programmes of the agency since its establishment. Speaking on the terms and conditions to access the agency’s grant, Babaranti said the agency must be convinced on the purpose to which the beneficiaries would use the fund. He stated: “The mandate of our agency is to empower people of the state by giving them funds to start their businesses or support their existing businesses. We give out cash in the form of grants to businessmen and women whose businesses and investments are located in the state. “Today, we have given out N5million to members of 25 groups who had been certified to have met our grants’ principles and guidelines. The disbursement of this grants is in furtherance of our commitment to support agriculture and agricultural production in the state. “We did a similar thing in March this year where over N2million was disbursed to tomatoes farmers across seven local government areas in the state. As an agency, we make funds available for the people who want to do business in the state and we apply means of collecting such funds back,” Babaranti remarked. Some of the farmers expressed gratitude to the government for the hands of support extended to them. Abolade Islamiah, Opawale Saheed, Kayode Olanrewaju, Olayemi Awolola who received N200,000 each to boost their cassava plantation, promised to utilise the fund for the purpose it was meant. Also, the Director of WAJEMCO Agricultural Food and Commercial Enterprises, Mr Jemilolu Solomon, applauded the administration of Oyetola for prioritising the welfare of farmers in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING  COVID-19: Notorious Oyo Company Produces 19 New Positive Cases
A company in Ibadan again, on Monday, produced 19 COVID-19 cases after producing 30 on Saturday and eight on Sunday. It has, thus, produced a total of 57 COVID-19 positive cases. The Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, disclosed this in a statement on Monday… Read full story We Won’t Relax Ban On Religious Gatherings For Now Despite Pressures, Says Makinde
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, on Monday said despite pressures from various clerics on the state government to relax ban on religious gatherings over the coronavirus pandemic, the government has no plan for now to relax the ban. According to the governor, based on the expert advice which indicated that transmission… Read full story Infectious Disease Bill: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Denies $10m Bribery Allegation In Nigeria
Country Director of Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in Nigeria, Dr Paulin Basinga, on Monday, denied allegations over the $10 million bribe purportedly given to the leadership of Nigeria’s House of Representatives. Dr Basinga stated this at the opening of the investigative hearing held at the instance of the Special Ad-hoc… Read full story Why We Didn’t Disclose Name Of Company In Ibadan Where 38 Staff Contracted COVID-19—Makinde
Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has given reasons the name of the company where 38 staff member contracted coronavirus has not been disclosed. On Saturday, the governor announced that 30 members of an unnamed company in the South West area of Ibadan contracted coronavirus while on Monday, he disclosed… Read full story How People Can Boost Immune System Against COVID-19—Makinde
Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, listed some plants that residents of the state could consume to help boost their immune system against contracting the virus. Speaking at the Government House, Ibadan, Makinde said that people could boost their immune system against the virus by consuming… Read full story COVID-19: Ekiti Residents, Authorities Worry Over Insecurity Amid Lockdown
No doubt, the battle against the coronavirus pandemic has remained the crux of major discourses across the globe and Ekiti State in particular in the last three months. Among the measures put in place in the state to curb the spread of the virus is the restriction of movement declared by the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi… Read full story Reps To Partner Governors’ Forum To Produce Widely Acceptable Infectious Diseases Bill ― Gbajabiamila
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila on Monday reiterated the readiness of the House to partner Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) in the bid to produce a satisfactory Control of Infectious Diseases Bill for the citizens…. Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING