These are not the best of times for advertisers and advertising practitioners, especially those in the airline business, as the advent of Coronavirus disease continues to take its toll on businesses, globally.  Perhaps, nothing best typifies the dire strait the air industry seems to have found itself of late than the nosedives in returns, the sector has continued to witness since February, this year, when the pandemic began to bare its fangs on brands and businesses. While  no sector  of the economy seems to be immune  to the ravaging pandemic, as evident in the  recent decision of one of the big players in Nigeria’s financial sector, Access Bank, to do away with 75 % of its workforce, with the remaining staff being given the option of living with a pay cut, or seek employment elsewhere, the airline business across the globe seems to be facing a bigger storm. Unfortunately, nothing, perhaps, makes the change in fortune of the airline industry,  more evident than a data released by Learnbonds.com, a financial publication recently, which indicates  a  whopping 99 % drop, of  paid ad impressions for the airline industry,  in the 15th week of this year, as compared to a similar period in 2019. For instance, the 2,661 paid ad impressions, recorded in the 15th week of 2020, was a far cry from the figure  of 411,812, recorded, exactly the same period, last year. By the 15th week of 2019, advertisers, according to the report, also had  about 4.5 million ad impressions, a figure that dropped  to 1.4million, a 67%  drop,  during a similar period this year. At the end of the 14th week this year, 3,312 ad impressions were bought compared to 452,907 last year, an indication of the hard times ad practitioners in the sector seem to be going through. Interestingly, practitioners had begun to have an idea of what to expect in the year, as from the first week of the year, when 127,815 ad impressions were bought,  as against  166,747, purchased around the same period last year. The second week of 2019, had 331,583 impressions and later dropped to 166,480 this year. The highest ad impression paid for in 2020 was during the third week when the figure was 183,668 a drop of 35.4% from a similar period last year. Attributing the drop in  paid ad impressions to COVID-19,  which made countries shut their borders, including air transport to curb the spread, the Report however predicts that the figure might remain at an all-time low, at the second quarter of the year, if the pandemic persists. “If the virus spreads at the current rate, the borders will remain closed until further notice. This means that paid for ad impressions will remain low come in the second quarter of this year,” the Report says. But the television medium seems to be immune to the storm, caused by the pandemic, for now. Report  indicates a rise in the ad impressions bought in the television industry, over the period, a development it attributed to the work –from- home and stay- safe health advisories of relevant health authorities and governments, meant to curb the spread of the disease. “From the data, during the 15th week of this year, TV’s paid ad impressions stood at 105,351 an increase of 30% from 80,940 in 2019. In the 14th week of 2020, the paid TV ad impression was 98,519, a rise of 24% from 78,956 in 2019. “During the first 15 weeks of both 2019 and 2020, the highest-paid ad impression for the television industry was during the 13th week of this year when the figure stood at 259,470. During a similar period last year, the impressions were 157,869. “By the first week of this year, the ad impressions were 84,608 which is an increase from 73,484 registered in a similar period in 2019,” the Report says.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Buhari Removes NEMA DG, Names Retired Air Vice Marshal As Replacement
​President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Air Vice Marshal Muhammadu Alhaji Muhammed (retd) as the new Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to replace Mustapha Maihaja. Appointment of the new NEMA DG was announced on Saturday… Read full story N1.224trn IMF Loan: Many More Nigerians To Lose Jobs •Further increase in VAT, excise rates looms •Tougher times ahead
WITH the Federal Government accessing $3.4 billion (N1.224 trillion) loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) at the weekend, there are signs that Nigerians may face tougher times in order for government to fully repay the money by the end of the 2025 stipulated time… Read full story COVID-19: Ganduje Relaxes Lockdown For 12 Hours On Monday, Thursday
As part of efforts to ameliorate the hardship caused by the lockdown of the state, Kano State governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje has announced a 12-hour break on Monday and Thursday to allow residents stock-up food items and other essential commodities… Read full story Olukoya Calls For Seven Days Prayers Against Pandemic
The General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries (MFM) Worldwide, Dr. Daniel Olukoya has called on all Christians and other men of faith to join in a seven-day prayer and fasting against the COVID-19 pandemic, its systems and repercussions… Read full story Nigeria Won’t Use Ebola Drug, Remdesivir, To Fight Coronavirus —NAFDAC
Director-General, National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, has said NAFDAC is not considering the use of the Ebola drug, remdesivir, for the treatment of COVID-19 in Nigeria… Read full story Three Things I Have Learnt From COVID-19 Pandemic —Ayewa
The current situation in the country is not peculiar to one person; virtually the entire world is currently feeling the heat. I was led by the Holy Spirit to do the work. I only did them within two days in my house. God gave me the inspiration and also told me that the current happenings are great signs of His second coming.. Read full story Kebbi: COVID-19 Positive Man Absconded From Isolation Centre, Died At Home —Commissioner
A man who tested positive for the coronavirus in Kebbi State had absconded from an isolation centre and subsequently died in his house, the state COVID-19 Task Force chairman, Jaafaru Mohammed has said. Mohammmed, who is also the state Commissioner for Health disclosed this in Birnin-Kebbi on Saturday… Read full story Atiku Will Be President, He Better Be Presidential
ATIKU Abubakar will be president of the federal republic except Yemi Osinbajo becomes president ahead of him, and the former Vice better start being presidential beyond his social media measured appearances like a ghost in Shakespearean theatre. If God has packaged a presidential celebration for him… Read full story Rising Debts, Little Infrastructure: Nigeria’s Economic Paradox
CRIPPLING infrastructure deficit in Nigeria has been one of the biggest challenges confronting the country over the years. This has significantly increased the cost of doing business in Nigeria and hampered both international and local investments in the country. This is despite huge borrowings by the country… Read full story Our COVID-19 Travails: How Nigerians Are Coping With Hunger, Cash Crunch
NOBODY prepared for the situation that most parts of the world are presently experiencing. Not even in anyone’s wildest imagination was it thought that the whole world would be in a lockdown for months, not least Nigerians, as it is being experienced today… Read full story Diversification: Obasanjo, Atiku Failed Nigerians ― APC
Former vice-president and People’s Democratic Party presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has courted the anger of the national leadership of the All Progressives Congress over his critique of the economy. Atiku in a statement during the week titled, How to Pull Nigeria from the Brink, has advised the… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!