Shareholders of the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) have signed the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) contract for the commencement of NLNG’s Train 7 construction with the SCD JV Consortium, comprising affiliates of Saipem, Chiyoda and Daewoo. The signing of the EPC marks the commencement of the construction phase of the all-important Train 7 which upon completion will increase Nigeria’s LNG production from 22metric tonnes per annum to 30metric tonnes per annum. Speaking during the signing of the contract on Wednesday via webinar, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, commended the management of NLNG for effective leadership and its efforts to ensure that the project comes to reality. “This is a historic moment for Nigeria. Nigerians have been looking forward since the FID on the project was taken because of its importance to Nigeria and its shareholders. “By signing the EPC, construction of Train 7 will now commence in earnest. Train 7 will help NLNG deepen domestic LPG initiative. Award of EPC is a welcomed news all over the world “I assure the management of NLNG of President Muhammadu Buhari’s and the Ministry of Petroleum Resources support. Train 7 will be achieved within budget and within time.” When asked whether the global pandemic ravaging the world won’t have negative impact on Train 7 construction, Sylva assures states that “we can’t say any project is immune to global pandemic but project must go on. Unless projects like this go on, economic situation won’t improve. This project will help us to defeat the pandemic.” The Group Managing Director of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, states that NLNG is a profitable brand and he expressed his delight for the signing of the EPC. “Because of the value it will create and the potential it has, President Buhari instructed that NNPC must give all it takes to ensure that Train 7 is achieved. As we sign the EPC today, we all should ensure the project is delivered as scheduled,” he said. He however assured that all factors have been considered before signing the EPC and that the project will survive the lull in the economy. “This pandemic is not forever, it will go away and this project will be delivered in next five years,” he said. Engr. Tony Attah, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of NLNG, remarked that the EPC Contracts represents yet another milestone in NLNG’s journey towards achieving its vision of being a global LNG company, helping to build a better Nigeria. “With the award of the EPC Contracts to our preferred bidders (SCD JV), we are guaranteeing that our country remains significantly on the global list of LNG suppliers. This singular act clearly demonstrates our Shareholders’ determination and resolve to sustain the economic dividends that NLNG’s monetization of our vast natural gas reserves offers our great country Nigeria,” he said. He expressed confidence in SCD JV Consortium’s proven competence, adding that the demonstration of an understanding of NLNG’s business philosophy by the Consortium will positively influence the execution of the Project and ensure zero harm to people, environment and host communities. NLNG is an incorporated Joint-Venture owned by four Shareholders, namely, the Federal Government of Nigeria, represented by Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (49 per cent), Shell Gas B.V.  (25.6 per cent), Total Gaz Electricite Holdings France (15 per cent), and Eni International N.A. N.V. S.àr.l (10.4 per cent).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING P&ID: US Judge Grants Nigeria’s Request To Access Ex-President Jonathan, Diezani’s Bank Records
A New York Federal Judge, lorna Schofield has granted Nigeria’s request for a subpoena on 10 United States banks for information to prosecute government officials allegedly connected to the Process and Industrial Development (P&ID) alleged bribery scheme and subsequent $9.6 billion claims… Read full story COVID-19: Nigerians Recycling Face Masks From Dumpsites ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic has raised an alarm over the practice of some Nigerians picking face masks from dumpsites to recycle and sell. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who warned on this during the task force… Read full story [PROFILE]: Who Is Professor Ibrahim Gambari, President Buhari’s New Chief Of Staff?
On Tuesday, May 12, there was an official statement that Professor Ibrahim Gambari would succeed the late Abba Kyari as Chief of Staff (CoS) to President Muhammadu Buhari. The official announcement according to the Presidency will be made on Wednesday during the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting… Read full story Reps Tackle FG For Using Foreign Airline To Evacuate Nigerians Abroad
The House of Representatives on Tuesday kicked against the Federal Government’s decision to engage foreign airlines in evacuating Nigerians stranded in abroad. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Mohammed Shamsudeen Bello and eight others… Read full story Reps Unhappy Over Mysterious Deaths In Jigawa •Ask FG to halt evacuation of COVID-19 patients to states of origin
The House of Representatives on Tuesday solicited for Federal Government’s intervention to urgently establish at least five testing centres in Jigawa State as part of efforts geared toward ending the mysterious deaths in the state. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by… Read full story We Tested 111 For Coronavirus In Kogi, They All Returned Negative, Says Govt
Kogi State government said on Tuesday said that 111 persons it tested for coronavirus returned negative. The state Commissioner for Information and Communication Strategy, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, made the disclosure in a statement in Lokoja, the state capital… Read full story Bandits Killed 15, Injured Five During Kaduna Attack ― Police
At least, 15 people have been killed by bandits in the recent attack on Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State police command. The incident was said to have occurred in the early hours of Tuesday when gunmen invaded the community… Read full story Another COVID-19 Patient Delivered Of Baby Boy At LUTH
A team of doctors, anaesthetists and nurses at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Idi-Araba, delivered another woman, 37, with coronavirus of a baby boy weighing. Professor Wasiu Adeyemo, Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LUTH, disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… Read full story 32-Year-Old Man Who ‘Recently Returned From Dubai’ Dies Of Coronavirus In Lagos
The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, says a 32-year-old man who recently returned from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, with severe underlying health conditions, died of coronavirus on Tuesday. Abayomi confirmed the death of the man, whose identity was not revealed… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos State Releases Additional Guidelines For Reopened Commercial, Industrial, Institutional And Recreational Facilities
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Lagos State Government on Tuesday issued additional guidelines for the operations of all the commercial, industrial, institutional and recreational facilities that have just been recently unlocked in the state. According to a statement by the state Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources… Read full story Senate Demands Prompt Action From Security Agencies Over Banditry In North
The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant security agencies to take firm and prompt actions against the resurgence of banditry in the country. The lawmakers also demanded full implementation of the recommendations of the Ad-Hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For The Port Harcourt Three
DURING these perilous times when Nigerians are daily confronted with hunger and pain, with waves of joblessness and privations surging since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic, some felons are still at their beastly best, perpetrating horrendous and blood-curdling crimes… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!