FROM the feedbacks received about wives initiating s3x with their husbands, it is obvious that it is a game changer in marriage. Husbands love their wives to ask them for s3x, and this will positively impact on the overall health of marriages. It is no longer news that the underlining factor in most marital hicupps is lack of s3xual satisfaction, and wives initiating s3x is a factor in s3xual satisfaction. How then do we achieve this in the marriage? Paying attention to the emotional build up of wives. Researchers have proved over the years that women are a bundle of emotions by all standards, including s3x. It is easier for wives to initiate s3x with their husbands, when they are emotionally connected with them. A woman is the one who sees s3x as “love making” in most cases. To a man, s3x is s3x, and it is not more than that, on a general note.  Women take a less direct route to s3xual satisfaction. Women want to talk first, connect first, then have s3x,” Perel explains. “For men, s3x is the connection. s3x is the language men use to express their tender loving vulnerable side,” Perel says. “It is their language of intimacy.” To make a wife initiate s3x, the husband must pay close attention to her emotions. She must be convinced of his undivided love; provision of basic needs based on revealed ability (this is the best he can do); willingness to help her in all situations among others. All these make it easier for wives to initiate s3x with their husbands.  Plant s3x in the mind of wives It is often said that s3x begins in the morning and in the mind. If wives will initiate s3x, husbands must plant the seed for s3x in the mind of wives regularly. This can be done in words and deeds. Men and women travel slightly different paths to arrive at s3xual desire. “I hear women say in my office that desire originates much more between the ears than between the legs,” says Esther Perel, a New York City psychotherapist. “For women there is a need for a plot — hence the romance novel. It is more about the anticipation, how you get there; it is the longing that is the fuel for desire,” Perel says. So, it boils down to wetting their appetite in advance, preparing the ground, and stirring them up for s3x. Speak right words of love, send love notes, tell them you miss them. If you already know her love language, speak it. These done, you don’t have to ask her for s3x. Rather, she becomes a ready and willing horse, waiting eagerly for the ride. Or do you ask an hungry man to eat after setting the table? Not all, I suppose is the right answer. Likewise you can be rest assured that your wife will not just ask you for s3x, but she will give you the best moment of s3x on such days.  Allay her fears about s3x and its consequences. “Men have every incentive to have s3x to pass along their genetic material, Laumann says. By contrast, women may be hard-wired to choose their partners carefully, because they are the ones who can get pregnant and wind up taking care of the baby. They are likely to be more attuned to relationship quality because they want a partner who will stay around to help take care of the child. They’re also more likely to choose a man with resources because of his greater ability to support a child.” This quote plays out in marriage as well. Allay all fears by planning the right contraceptives with her; helping her in raising children; be as responsible a husband as much as is generally expected; be great in bed to give her orgasms. All these will translate to her looking forward to moments of s3x with you, even when you least expect. Finally, educate yourselves in the matters of s3x, especially if you have a background of religion and low level of education. Researches have revealed that religion and educational level play a great part in the s3xual permissiveness among couples. Less religious wives are more likely to embrace initiating s3x, different s3x positions, and other s3x escapades with their husbands. The same goes for the educated wives as well. So, couples should invest in s3x education for themselves through books, seminars and conferences. It helps to broaden minds and deal with s3x fallacies. My book, enjoying great s3x life, is still available for sale. For details, please call 08112658560.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING FG Plans Staggered Re-Opening Of Schools
THE Federal Government has revealed that it may stagger re-opening of schools across the country as it plans to roll out comprehensive measures for safety. Minster of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, made this known on Wednesday at the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, in Abuja… Read full story COVID-19: Longest Viability Period Of Virus In Patient Is 10 Days — NCDC
The longest viability period of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) patient would be 10 days, according to a new study by infectious diseases experts in Singapore. The Director-General of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, disclosed this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) media… Read full story Cold: Why You Must Test For COVID-19 At Once
WHEN the coronavirus pandemic first emerged, public health officials told the world to watch out for its telltale symptoms: fever, dry cough and shortness of breath. But as the virus spread across the globe, researchers are getting a better understanding of how these symptoms: headache, chill or sore throat… Read full story CBN Governor, Investors And Parallel Market
THE virtual meeting that the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele, had with investors last week where he pleaded with them to stop patronising black market operators for dollar purchases leaves much to be desired. Mr Emefiele had, at the meeting, stated: “We have seen your accounts… Read full story
COVID-19: 8,000 Workers Sacked In Anambra
About 8,000 staff members of a waste management company in Anambra State have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  This is coming as states have locked down their boundaries to stop the spread of the COVID-19.  Managing Director, Redivivus Industries Ltd., Mr Emeka Ajekwu, who… Read full story The World Of A Child With Autism
AGNES is five years old but is yet to speak in a meaningful way. She tends to use a limited number of words and often uses ‘you’ when she means to refer to herself, and then uses ‘I’ when referencing others.  Unlike the older two children of the family, Agnes is often pre-occupied with her own world, playing alone and does… Read full story What Passengers Should Expect Upon Flight Resumption —FAAN
AHEAD of resumption of flights at various airports across the country, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has announced that it has put arrangements in place regarding passenger facilitation and what to expect. Speaking during an aviation webinar organised by Women in Aviation (WIA), Nigeria, with… Read full story May 29: Buhari Betrayed Underprivileged Nigerians ― PDP
The opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has said that President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration has deserted, betrayed and abandoned underprivileged Nigerians. According to the Party, the President should note that the level of despondency he has bequeathed the nation in the last five years of his… Read full story CBN Reduces Interest Rates On Microfinance, Mortgage Bank Facilities From 9% To 5%
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has reduced interest rates on its facilities through participating Other Financial Institutions (OFIs) from 9 per cent to 5 per cent per annum for one year effective March 1, 2020. This is part of efforts to mitigate the impact of the coronavirus on households… Read full story Why Amotekun Will Fail In 5 States ― Alao-Akala
Former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Wednesday said the joint security network code-named Amotekun recently launched by the South-West governors would fail in five states. He said the appointment of retired military officers as directors-general of Amotekun corps in those states except… Read full story ‘Infant Formulas On Sale In Nigeria, High In Arsenic, Toxic Substance’
INFANT formulas sold in Nigeria are useful alternatives to breast milk in many circumstances but may pose health risks to infants and children due to contamination by potentially toxic metals, a study has said.  In the study published in the 2020 Sultan Qaboos University Medical Journal, scientists tested different brands of … Read full story Lagos Announces Plan To Replace Okada, Tricycle By July 
Lagos State government has announced plans to replace banned Okada and tricycle with First Mile and Last Mile (FMLM) mobility solution. The transportation commissioner, Frederick Oladeinde made this known at the 2020 ministerial press briefing held in Lagos… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!