A suspected leader of a cult group, Waidi, popularly known as Obasanjo, was late on Sunday night hacked to death inside a church auditorium in the Ifako area of Lagos State. Three other persons suspected to be members of Eiye confraternity have been killed in reprisal attacks by members of Obasanjo’s group. The renewed clash between the two cult groups is creating serious tension and panic among residents of Sawmill, Ifako and Oworonsoki. Nigerian Tribune gathered that many people have lost their lives during superiority battles between members of Eiye and Aiye confraternities in Oworonsoki. A resident of the area who pleaded anonymity while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune said, “the major problem in Oworonsoki is cultism.” The resident added that “more than 20 people must have been killed in the last one year in battles between members of the two major groups.” He also continued that “Obasanjo used to be the leader of one of the two groups. He was on his way to Oworonsoki from Ifako when he was attacked by members of the rival cult group.” Another resident, who simply identified herself as Tokunbo, said “they hit his vehicle and when he came down to check the extent of the damage, he was attacked with machetes and other dangerous weapons. “He ran into a church on the expressway, but those people chased him there and continue to butcher him until they were satisfied that he was not going to survive it.” The news of Obasanjo’s death instantly spread through the entire parts of Oworonsoki and members of his group went on reprisal attacks against their rivals. Three people were reportedly killed between Sunday night and early Monday in the reprisal attacks by members of Obasanjo’s group. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the death of two persons and the arrest of two suspects to the Nigerian Tribune. Elkana said, “One Waidi aka OBJ, a notorious Aiye kingpin was attacked on his way to Oworonshoki from Ifako along Oworonshoki Expressway.” He added that “The assailants hit his vehicle from behind and when he alighted to take a look at his vehicle to know the extent of the damage, he was macheted.” “He ran into Goodland Church at Ifako Bus Stop and his assailants chased him into the church and murdered him.” The police image maker also confirmed that “his group, in a reprisal attack, killed a young man yet to be identified but of the Eiye cult group.” According to him “two suspects, one Sunday Moses and Stephen Jacob have been arrested while a manhunt for Elba, Elebe, Ayomide, Demola and Elsi, all fingered as having participated in the killing has been intensified.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!