WITH its significant contribution to the nation’s GDP and its ability to engage over 70% of Nigeria’s labour force, agriculture remains the largest sector of the economy. However, the ability of the sector to achieve its full potential arises from issues, not unconnected to poor agricultural practices, lack of access to information and markets. Agricultural extension market system is crucial to sustainably addressing these issues, but with a ratio of one extension agent to over three thousand, five hundred farmers, the current system is grossly inadequate. In an attempt to develop the capacity of farmers, provide business advisory, facilitate empowerment and pass on new technologies; radio programmes and community outreaches for farmers have been adopted and have been met with some success. However, the scale is limited and the underlying missing market capacity – absence of agricultural service providers has not been addressed. To address these issues, Farm Innovation Nigeria Limited with support from the Propcom Mai-Karfi project and UK Aid, launched its flagship product “Farm Aid” in Adamawa and Gombe on March 10, 12, 2020 respectively. The digitized agricultural extension platform leverages mobile technology to provide affordable and convenient digitized e-extension services to small holder farmers. The platform was designed to provide farmers with up-to-date information on Good Agronomic Practices (GAP) while connecting farmers to agro-input dealers and off-takers. It also provides with them with real-time weather information for climate-smart agriculture and other value-added services. The innovative agricultural technology company is currently focusing on four (4) crop value chains of Rice, Sorghum, Tomato, Groundnuts, and Livestock with plans for further expansion. With over 15,000 farmers onboarded across Gombe and Adamawa states, plans are in place to increase the current geographical coverage. Having spent years working on improving market access for smallholder farmers in the Northern Nigeria, the Propcom Mai-karfi project has identified the provision of information services as a priority. It is believed that solutions that leverage ICT to efficiently connect farmers to the market, while providing information on Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) can be advantageous in addressing the constraints faced by market actors in this space. With a focus on farmers living below $2 dollars a day in hard to reach, post-conflict communities, technology could be the key to addressing their agricultural needs. In his keynote address during the launch of the platform in Gombe State, the Honourable Commissioner Ministry of Agriculture and Husbandry, Alhaji Muhammad Magaji, appreciated the “effort being made by Farm Innovation Nigeria in implementing a commercially driven digitized agricultural e-extension service solution”.  He assured the stakeholders present of the state government’s determination  to… “ensure efficient cost-effective and sustainable means of delivering extension services to small holder farmers.” He also called on farming communities, commodity associations and stakeholders to support the work of Farm Innovation Nigeria towards improving the livelihoods of poor women and men in North Eastern Nigeria.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Clarence Peters Invited For Questioning Over Dancer, Kodak’s Death
Popular video director, Clarence Peters, Tribune Online gathered, has been invited for questioning by the Lagos State Police Command, over the death of dancer, Love Divine, popularly known as Kodak, who was electrocuted in his studio. Kodak, who is a popular dancer within the Nigerian music scene, allegedly died of… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Death And Dying Emirs
DYING is nothing; choosing the right time to die, if we can, means a whole lot. This coronavirus season is a very wrong time to go – undisturbed. You die now, you leave importunate questions blowing in the air. The Emir of Kaura-Namoda in Zamfara State died on Sunday morning. Was he a victim of COVID-19, the current… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Kano Mass Deaths
AMID the ongoing efforts to contain the coronavirus pandemic in the country, a strange cloud has enveloped Kano State. In the last three weeks, the state has witnessed massive deaths of people in very controversial circumstances. The deaths first became public knowledge following the release of a video clip… Read full story JAMB Remits N3.5 Billion To FG For 2020
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has made an interim remittance of N3.5 billion to the Federal Government consolidated account for 2020. This is in addition to more than N3.5 billion paid to candidates as reduction of cost of ePIN as directed by President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story CBN, Bankers’ Committee Suspend Lay-Offs In Banks
A special meeting of the Bankers’ Committee was convened on Saturday, to further review the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Nigerian banking industry a statement from Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) disclosed on Sunday… Read full story Court Shuts Church Indefinitely In Abuja Over Lockdown Violation, As Pastor, Others Evade Arrest
A mobile court sitting in Jabi, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, on Sunday, ordered for an indefinite closure of The Shekinah Glory Church, located opposite the popular Citec Estate, Jabi, for violating lockdown… Read full story COVID-19: 50 Almajiris From Kano Brought To Kaduna Tested Positive ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has said that 15 more almajiris that were brought from Kano to Kaduna have tested positive for COVID-19. This was even as he confirmed that the number of almajiris tested… Read full story Remdesivir: What The NAFDAC DG Said
In a report entitled “COVID-19: We are not likely to use Ebola drug for patients — NAFDAC” published in the Sunday Tribune edition, we quoted the Director-General of National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, as saying that remdesivir, the drug approved by… Read full story Abducted Twins Of Oyo Cleric, Akeugbagold, Released After £100,000 Ransom Negotiation
After eight days of dwelling in the bush with their abductors, the twins of former Chairman of the Oyo State Pilgrims Welfare Board (Muslim wing), Taofeek Akeugbagold were released at about 5.30 am on Sunday. The twins were picked near the bush at around Mufutau Laninhun College of Education area on the Lagos-Ibadan… Read full story Leading With Presence — 2
COVID-19 has changed the world and the way we do things. The changes it has brought upon humanity will be our new norm for some time to come. It is as if it was what the world needed to remind us that the only constant thing about life is change. Social distancing means we make less physical contacts… Read full story Things That Won’t Change Post COVID-19 (Part 3)
This is the third piece I am penning on this life-changing subject that has started helping a lot of people in Nigeria and beyond. So far, I have written on three non-negotiable values that will not change post COVID-19: vision, loyalty and confidentiality. The fourth value I am writing on is that of assiduousness and… Read full story Reflections On The Post-Coronavirus International Economic Order
THE novel coronavirus pandemic has been the biggest global economic shock since the 1929 Wall Street Crash. In fact, its ramifications might be even bigger, given that, unlike the 1929 crash, our world is today an integrated global marketplace… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!