TWENTY-FOUR hours after the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) reportedly endorsed its candidate in the 2018 governorship election for the 2022 election, the family of Senator Ademola Adeleke has called on the Osun State chapter of the PDP to give him a break. The family spoke through the elder brother of the former lawmaker, Dr Deji Adeleke, in a statement made available to Sunday Tribune at the weekend. He said their son deserved his needed rest after the grueling 2018 governorship poll held in the state and the attendant plethora of litigation. Dr Adeleke recalled the circumstances that culminated in the emergence of Ademola Adeleke for the 2018 contest, emphasising that the former lawmaker was only dragged into the race as he was never originally interested in the race. In a clear rejection of the endorsement, Dr Adeleke subtly believed the endorsement was not in tandem to the ideals of democracy. Part of the statement reads: “I am not a card-carrying member of any political party but I am a sympathiser/supporter of the PDP in Osun State. The Osun State PDP will be better off and well-prepared, for the next general election in the state, if internal democracy is encouraged and enforced. “All elective positions, including the position of governor of the state should be open to all members of the party to contest in a transparent primary elections. Everyone must be given a sense of belonging, in order to grow the party in Osun State. “As for the Adeleke family of which I am one, we will like to remind all PDP members that Senator Ademola Nurudeen Adeleke had no intention to contest the governorship election in the first place, but was invited and prevailed upon by the party leadership and party elders to contest the governorship election, which he and his family accepted most reluctantly after receiving assurances and promises that were never kept. “Everything that followed after this is now history. Senator Adeleke should, therefore, be given a break to take his well-deserved rest and decide what he will do/not do when the time comes.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Fears Spread As North-West Records More Deaths
A huge harvest of deaths in North West states is spreading fear across other states in the country as COVID-19 continues its ravage. Reports from Jigawa, Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kano states have continued to reveal daily unexplained deaths in scores, fuelling fears that COVID-19 might be responsible for many of them… Read full story Travel Ban: ‘Infiltrators Will Be Sent Back Home, Won’t Be Allowed To Escape’ •Afenifere, Akintoye react •Human-animal transportation: Meat consumers in great danger —Health experts
THE security situation in Lagos State is reportedly being reviewed following the incessant influx of youths from the Northern part of the country into the state, despite the ban on inter-state movement, with the police saying they have designed new ways of stopping the violators… Read full story Another 42 Coronavirus Patients Discharged After Testing Negative In Lagos
Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday announced that 42 more coronavirus patients have been discharged from various isolation centres in the state, saying the patients comprised 22 males and 20 females, all Nigerians… Read full story Supreme Court Judgment Has Strengthened My Faith In Nigeria, Says Senator Kalu
Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, whose conviction for alleged financial sleaze was quashed by the apex court on Friday has said the judgment has strengthened his faith in the country and its judicial system. Senator Kalu in a statement he personally signed said the events of the past five months has enriched… Read full story How Awo Would Have Tackled Nigeria’s Current Crises —Associates •Adebanjo, Akintoye, Okurounmu speak on 33 years without sage
AS family, friends, associates and Nigerians worldwide mark 33 years of the transition of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, today, some of his associates have looked at the current travails the country faces, declaring that an Awo leadership would have made a positive difference… Read full story COVID-19: States’ Treatment Centres Running Out Of Bed Spaces ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has alerted that treatment centres in states of the federation are running out of bed spaces as more confirmed cases of the disease manifest around the country. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who revealed… Read full story UPDATE: COVID-19 Cases To Reach 120,000 In Lagos By July ― Health Commissioner
Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof Akin Abayomi has projected an alarming surge into the number of COVID-19 cases in the state between July and August of this year. According to him, the number of cases from the disease in the state might hit 120, 000 as the virus is expected to reach its peak between… Read full story Coronavirus Spreading Through Men’s Semen, Remote ― Experts
Nigerian experts have explained why it is remotely impossible for coronavirus, the germs that cause COVID-19 infection, to be sexually transmitted even as Chinese doctors warned that coronavirus can persist in men’s semen even after they have begun to recover… Read full story PHOTOS: Two Die As Fuel Tanker Goes Up In Flames, Razes Shops, Cars In Ibadan
No fewer than two persons died when a fuel-laden tanker went up in flames at Moniya area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Friday. The tanker conveying diesel lost control while descending the slope beside a filling station at Moniya, crushing a vehicle travelling to Ogbomoso… Read full story Ex-Lagos Dep Gov, Other Returnees From UK Stranded At Lagos Airport, Threaten To Leave Without Quarantine
The 253 Nigerians who were flown into Nigeria from the United Kingdom through the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Lagos, were neglected for hours by the Federal Government on Friday. For over six hours, they were left under the sun at the tarmac, waiting for the aircraft that was expected be dispatched by the foreign… Read full story Ogun Extends Lockdown By Another One Week
Ogun State government has extended the lockdown order in the state by another one week due to increase in the number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in the state. Governor Dapo Abiodun, while addressing newsmen on the activities of his administration in curbing further spread of COVID-19 pandemic… Read full story British Airways Bringing Nigerian Returnees Insisted On Landing In Lagos, Says Minister
Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey Onyeama, has said Nigeria was helpless in the deal it reached with the British Airways for the evacuation of Nigerian nationals from the United Kingdom. He made the revelation on Friday at the daily media briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… Read full story  CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!