THE family of a 55-year-old man, Henry Obatenuh, a trado-medical doctor, has demanded justice for the murder of their father. Obatenuh was killed and his penis cut off allegedly by one Collins Adodokome and his son in Masaka, Karu Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. Adodokome had accused the deceased of sleeping with his wife. The suspect, who is now in custody alongside two accomplices, his son and security guard, at the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of the Nasarawa State police command in Lafia, had on Wednesday, in Angwan Tiv, Masaka, hacked Obatenuh to death and cut off his manhood for allegedly having an affair with his wife, Evelyn. It was gathered that Adodokome had reported Obatenuh to the police and eventually taken him to court some years ago and the deceased was kept in custody for some weeks before being released and asked to sign an undertaken to desist from having any further affair with Evelyn. According to police sources, the suspect, who is said to be a friend to the victim, confessed to the crime, alleging that his son caught the deceased having sexual intercourse with his wife on his matrimonial bed. “The wife escaped and Adodokome’s son engaged the late Obatenuh in a fight and he eventually killed him. He later chopped his penis off out of anger,” said one of the sources. The source disclosed further that Adodokome claimed that the killing had been done before he arrived at the scene and he promptly walked into Masaka Police Station to report the matter. He said the body of the victim was moved to Uke General Hospital mortuary, even as the police continue with investigation. But the family of the victim is not convinced with the explanation on the cause of his death. They are pleading for in-depth investigation by the police to unravel the circumstances surrounding the killing of their father. Speaking to Saturday Tribune at Obatenuh’s residence in Angwan Tiv in Masaka, the first son of the deceased, Courage Obatenuh, said the family was asking for justice in the murder of their father who he claimed was set up and killed by Adodokome and his son. “We vehemently speak against the perpetrators of this heinous act and we demand a very thorough investigation by the police so that justice will be truly served,” he said. Courage, who said was with his father the night before the incident, explained that at about 9.00 p.m., as he was about to serve his father food, he quickly went out after receiving a call. “As I was about to serve him food, I met him on the phone. He then told me he was going out to get something. He left without eating. I waited for hours for him to return until I slept off,” he stated. Courage said that the next day, he sensed that something was amiss when he discovered that his father did not return home and his phone line was not connecting. He said as he was about to leave the house to search for his dad two policemen met him outside the house and asked if he was Courage. He said on confirming his identity to them, they told him to come with them to the station and on arrival at the Masaka Division Police Station, he saw his father lying face down in a pool of blood with a machete cut. According to him, no immediate explanation was offered as to the cause of his father’s death. Courage, who was flanked by other relatives and friends of the victim, accused the suspects of trying to use the police to justify the killing of his father. “The same police that are charged with protecting the citizens of the country are trying to twist the matter. Our questions are: where is the adulterous woman they claimed they caught my father having sex with? How come she escaped and my father was caught and brutally killed and his manhood cut off? Did the woman escape naked, because they claimed they were caught in the act? “Where is his phone for us to verify the last call he received before leaving the house and eventually getting murdered? This and many more questions we demand answers to. “Nothing should be swept under the carpet. We demand justice. We also want the perpetrators to be brought to book. We are begging the police to unravel the truth of this matter and see to it that justice is served,” he said. When our correspondent visited the home of Mr Adodokome within the same axis, he met a young man who told him that Evelyn was still on the run. According to the man, the woman is taking refuge in her daughter’s house at a location in Mararaba Karu. Efforts to get her number were futile and calls put through to her daughter’s phone line were not answered. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Nansel Rahmnan, who confirmed the development to Saturday Tribune, said the suspects were in custody.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Moon Not Sighted, Sultan Says Ramadan Ends On Saturday
Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has confirmed that this year’s Ramadan will come to and end on Saturday, 23rd of May, as moon for the new month was not sighted. This is according to a press statement signed by Professor Sambo Wali Junaidu, Chairman Advisory Committee on Religious… Read full story Lagos Finalises Register- To- Open Guidelines, Set To Restart Economy ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State government has set the process of re-opening its economy in motion, with the rollout of Register-to-Open guidelines, saying the 4-page guidelines were the major part of the measures initiated to achieve phased re-opening of the state economy… Read full story Buhari’s Executive Order Gives Financial Autonomy To State Legislature, Judiciary
President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday signed an Executive Order granting financial autonomy to both legislative and judicial arms of states. It was tagged Executive Order No 10 of 2020 according to a statement by Dr Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations Office of the… Read full story Reps Threaten To Prosecute MDAs Over Breach Of 2020 Budget
Following the submission of the revised 2020 budget proposal by President Muhammadu Buhari, the House of Reps on Friday warned that Federal Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) to desist from tampering with the 2020 budget. The Chairman of the Appropriation Committee, Hon. Muktar Aliyu Betara… Read full story Ogun Govt Extends Lockdown By Another Week
Ogun State government has, yet again, extended the existing lockdown by another week. Gov Dapo Abiodun made this known while briefing journalists on Friday in Abeokuta. He maintained that the state was constrained to extend the lockdown for another week as it continued to record more cases of the Coronavirus… Read full story Islamic Cleric Ordered To Return 16-Year-Old Girl He Married As 9th Wife In Ondo
An Islamic cleric in Odo State was on Friday, May 22, asked by a court to return a 16-year-old girl to her parents after he forced her into marrying him, thus becoming his ninth wife. The Islamic cleric, Alhaji Yusuf Lateef, was ordered by the Family Court based in Akure, the state capital, to return the secondary… Read full story US Family Returns $1million Found On Street
A sheriff’s department in the US state of Virginia praised a family who returned two large mail bags they found in the middle of the road — filled with nearly $1 million in cash. Emily Schantz told local television station WTVR that her family was out driving when they ran over one of the bags… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to… Read full story Chinese Medical Team Not In Nigeria To Treat Coronavirus Cases, Says CCECC
The China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) on Friday said the 15-man Chinese medical team has been carrying out its “assignment in Nigeria basically in an advisory role capacity and not treating coronavirus patients. In a statement released on the official Twitter handle of the company on Friday… Read full story Nigerian Who Works As Nurse In UK Dies Of COVID-19 Because ‘He Was Not Given Adequate Protection’
The family of a Nigerian who works as a nurse who died from COVID-19 in the United Kingdom have claimed he had not been given protective equipment and was trying to buy his own on eBay. Father-of-two, Andrew Ekene Nwankwo, 46, died on May 16 after spending five weeks on a ventilator at Boomfield Hospital… Read full story Yoruba Ko’ya Set To Promote Food Production, Others In South-West
A pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Yoruba Ko’ya Leadership and Training Foundation, on Friday, said it is resolved to propel knowledge-based entrepreneurship, food production, trading and vocational training among the younger generation and market men and women in the South-West geopolitical zone of the country… Read full story History Of Abacha’s Theft Is Being Rewritten Before Our Eyes
In her historical fictional narrative titled “The Lost Sisterhood,” Danish-Canadian writer Anne Fortier quotes one of her characters as saying that “those who control the present can rewrite the past.” This is playing out right before us in what I called the curious posthumous deodorization of Abacha’s grand larceny in… Read full story Trump Calls On Governors To Allow Places Of Worship To Open This Weekend
The United States President, Donald Trump, on Friday, demanded that states allow religious services to take place again this weekend, thus ending shutdowns that were part of efforts to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. Trump made the proclamation, which he phrased in the form of a verbal order, from the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING