SPEAKERS at a virtual colloquium have asked African leaders to think ahead and execute people-focused programmes capable of mitigating disasters whenever they come. This was the summary and conclusion by speakers during a virtual 63rd birthday colloquium organised in honour of the Minister of Interior and former governor of Osun State, Mr Rauf Aregbesola. The online event, with the theme: “Leadership in Emergencies: Planning as Foundation for National Survival,” took the place of the annual birthday colloquium in honour of Aregbesola. It was organised by Proumou Media Consulting, a Lagos-based media strategy firm. Speakers included Mr Kurtis Adigba, a board member of the International Association of Political Consultants; Dr. Rabiat Akande of the Harvard University, United States and Dr Alim Abubakre of the University of Southampton. Adigba, who is also a popular television shows analyst in Nigeria, speaking during the event, said being proactive is one of the critical qualities of good leadership. Adigba said President Muhammadu Buhari’s ban on food importation and border closures may have attracted criticism, he, however, said the policies have proved to be proactive. He asked: “What would have been the situation if Nigeria was to be waiting for rice from other parts of the world if he had not banned rice importation?” Akande, who spoke on data and its importance to managing emergencies advocated for proactive data collection as part of comprehensive planning for emergencies. She challenged the National Assembly to legislate on data privacy and collection just as she urged them to seek ways to make such laws native to the country. Akande lauded Aregbesola for the introduction of the Tablet of Knowledge when he served as the governor, adding that this was a demonstration of foresight which leaders must always have. She also said her monitoring of the Aregbesola years as governor convinced her that service defines his work ethics. Abubakre, on his part, listed many attributes of a good leader, just as he described Aregbesola as one whose works in eight years in Osun have gone down as unprecedented. He also cited Opon Imo as a good example of the visionary that Aregbesola was when he was the governor. He added that a device which Aregbesola saw as critical to learning some eight years ago has now become much more relevant than when it was first conceived. The Minister of Interior, whose birthday was being celebrated, while responding to one of the questions raised by participants said Opon Imo “universalises education.” Aregbesola added that the tablet of knowledge is compulsory and should be encouraged by every head of government. According to him, “Every head of government understands that Tablet of Knowledge is compulsory and has to be encouraged. “We cannot say it has reached the perfection level the tablet should be, but with the level I took it to, it will serve several needs but it is simply leadership. “The more people that are involved in the usage of that device, the cheaper the cost.”      YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!