Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara state has suggested setting up of a volunteer team drawn from the labour unions and the civil society to complement efforts of the security agencies to stop the influx of people into the state. “It has been established that some people sneak into the state between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. This poses a grave danger to us when you consider the fact that virtually all our COVID-19 cases were imported. We would like to have volunteers from Labour and the civil society who, working with the security agencies, would man our borders between those hours,” Abdulrazaq said during a virtual meeting with leaders of the CSOs late Monday. The CSOs were represented by Mallam Lawal Olohungbebe of the Centre for Community Development (KWASU); Dr Lateef Alagbonsi of the Elite Network for Sustainable Development (ENETSUD); Hajia Bilqees Oladimeji of the COVID-19 National CSO Emergency Intervention Group (CEIG); Idris Buko Musa of the Coalition of Kwara North Groups (CKNG); Abdulrahman Ayuba of the Centre for Community Empowerment and Poverty Eradication (CCEPE); Anthonia Oshiniwe of the Theios Caregivers Initiative; AbdulRasheed Sa’adudeen of the Volunteers of Ilorin Community and the Emirate (VOICE); and Saliu Saliu of the Haashim Initiative for Community Advancement (HICA). The meeting was a follow up to the first engagement AbdulRazaq had with some civil society leaders in April during which he commended them for their “credible roles” in the distribution of the government’s palliatives after he invited them to join the initiative. He said the invitation had been premised on the need to ensure that the palliatives facilitated with public funds get to every Kwaran, irrespective of their affiliations — a first-of-its-kind step the Governor said may have offended political interests. “We are here to serve the people. We have nothing to hide and that is why we called you to observe and own the process. We may have our doubts and we may disagree on modalities of how to get things done for our people but we must never at any time turn our back against one another,” he told the CSO leaders. ALSO READ: Labour calls for review of privatisation in electricity sector AbdulRazaq said he had called the Monday meeting to formally receive a position paper of the CSO on how to further develop the state as well as brief them on the status of Kwara in fighting the deadly virus, adding: “We all need to do more to contain the spread of the virus and prevent community transmission.” He said the government would offer incentives and security cover to volunteers who would form a border surveillance team manning the various entry posts of the state from its western and northern flanks — especially Eiyenkorin, Oko Olowo and Jebba where the influx of people has been reported in the past few days. AbdulRazaq reiterated his call on Kwara communities and individuals to take responsibility as the country struggles to flatten the curve of transmission of the virus amid rising infection rate. He said Kwara would soon have a testing centre as the NCDC team is expected in the state in the coming days to discuss the issue, adding that there was no use buying rapid test kits whose results would not be recognised. The civil society leaders welcomed the challenge amid calls on the administration to strengthen enforcement of various regulations put in place to tackle the pandemic. They observed that some of the issues raised in their position paper recently sent to the Governor have been addressed such as a need to relax lockdown internally, ensure regular payment of the civil servants’ salary, and compulsory quarantine of anyone who sneaked into the state. They, however, urged the government to look into other areas of concern such as a review of the social investment programme because of the paucity of funds, getting accurate data for proper planning, independent COVID-19 fundraising committee, credit facilities for farmers, irrigation, open governance and increased accountability and transparency, and development of a master plan for the state, among others. Olohungbebe, who summarised the position of the CSOs, commended the Governor for taking engagement with the civil society so serious in a way never seen before. “We thank you for this engagement. The civil society should not be (seen as) rival to the government. We should be partners. We just want the best for our state. There is no doubting your good intentions for our state but we also urge you to consider the passage of the FOI Bill. Other issues we want the government to look at are farmers’ market, off-taker policy, and agriculture master plan,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Afe Babalola Offers 15-Point Prescriptions For Resumption Of Schools
The Founder and Chancellor of the flourishing Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola (SAN), has offered prescriptions on how the Federal Government can reopen schools and universities … Read full story 60-Year-Old Nigerian Woman Who Was A Nurse For 40 Years Dies Of Coronavirus In UK
An ‘exceptional’ mother-of-four nurse who devoted her life to terminally-ill children has become the latest healthcare worker to be killed by coronavirus in Britain, the Daily Mail of UK reported. Eyitolami Olaolorun had been a nurse for 40 years, most recently working at Wellington Hospital, a private centre in St John’s Wood… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari, APC Betrayed Almajarai, Poor Nigerians ― PDP
President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have completely betrayed almajarai and other downtrodden, poor and vulnerable Nigerians after using them to get into power in 2015, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged… Read full story Unpaid Salaries: Polytechnic Staff Seek Akeredolu’s Intervention
Staff of the Rufus Giwa Polytechnic, Owo, Ondo State have called on the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu to intervene in the crisis in the institution, over the non-payment of their salaries for six months by the management of the institution… Read full story I Rejected N8m To Promote Bleaching Creams, Says Ex-Big Brother Naija Housemate, Khafi Kareem
A former housemate of reality show, Big Brother Naija, Khafi Kareem, on Monday, May 11, spoke on how she rejected the sum of N8 million for promotion of bleaching creams from a company producing them. Khafi, who had a brush with her employer, the British Metropolitan Police, for taking part in the reality show and who… Read full story The Wasting Fruits Of Benue
From time, Benue has maintained its prominence of being the food basket of the nation. It simply implies that the state is blessed with arable farmland. Aside this, it also plays host to the second largest river in the country, River Benue as well as other streams that run throughout the year, thereby providing accessible… Read full story POLITICS: Predatory Politics Is The Norm Since The Passage Of Awo —Shonibare
Apart from Chief Obafemi Awolowo’s photograph being hung in the most prominent part of the wall in the main sitting room of our home and the fact that, even at primary school (Oke- Ira Primary and Preparatory School- which was the preparatory school of St Saviour’s School, Railway Compound, Ebute- Metta)… Read full story Unity Meets Industry: How Igbajo People Built Century-Old Plank Business In Ibadan
Although Bodija timber market is the headquarters for the purchase of timber in Ibadan metropolis, the Sango market could be called a mega market in terms of size, operation and system of administration. The history of Sango timber market is the history of Igbajo community in Ibadan since the 1920s. Igbajo is ancient… Read full story Infections Of The Infectious Diseases Bill
On October 5, 2018, the National Assembly passed the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control Bill, which was assented to by the President and thus became an Act on November 8, 2018. This Act is part of the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, being an Act of the National Assembly, which is comprised of representatives of… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!