Hendrix Oliomogbe x-rays the chances of some of the contenders for Governor Godwin Obaseki’s job ahead the governorship election holding in Edo State in September. If Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State is to take a quick glance at his right shoulder, lurking behind him will be the shadows of former All Progressives Congress (APC) zonal vice-chairman, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu; ex-Edo deputy governor, Dr Pius Odubu; the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in the 2012 election, Major General Charles Airhiavbere; Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi and Mr Saturday Iwulekhue. All five are fellow APC members, hustling to displace him from the saddle and take over the reins of power as governor, come November this year. A gaze to the left side of the incumbent governor will reveal the resolute sight of a member of the House of Representatives, Dr Omoregie Ogbeide-Ihama and Mr David Ikhine. The duo are members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who have also expressed their determination to grab the ticket of the main opposition party in their bid to displace Governor Obaseki from the state Government House in the election, scheduled for September 19 by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Ahead of the primary, the tempo of political activities in the state has accelerated, as the ruling party is set to roll out its timetable. Should Governor Obaseki however have his way, there will be no contest as he should be given the right of first refusal, a demand which the other aspirants and the national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, are not dispose to, hence, the APC primary, which is scheduled for June, must hold, going by the trend of events. Notwithstanding the plethora of aspirants, it is the belief of many politicians and analysts that Pastor Ize-Iyamu and Dr Odubu are Obaseki’s main challengers for the APC ticket. The governor, for sure, will be facing the greatest political battle of his life as his erstwhile political godfather and now national chairman of the APC, Oshiomhole and some party leaders have all deserted him, following the ongoing crisis in the party since the last general election. Dr Odubu, a former two-term member of the House of Representatives, is said to be a consummate politician with a strong grass roots appeal. The former deputy governor under Oshiomhole is reputed for his doggedness and commitment to party ideals which many said is a plus to his aspirations. His support base cuts across political divide and spreads across the 18 local government areas of the state. A team player who is always calm under fire, the ability of the former deputy governor to keep his loyalists together speaks volume of his political sagacity and this, it was learnt, has endeared him to many politicians who are supporting his quest to govern Edo State. Pastor Ize-Iyamu is a household name in the state. He has a strong political structure built across the three senatorial districts. He was in former Governor Lucky Igbinedion’s PDP-led government in the state from 1999 to 2007. He was first appointed as Chief of Staff and later Secretary to the State Government (SSG) where he wielded enormous power. It was believed that most of the decisions and policy thrust of that administration were cooked in his office. Ize-Iyamu was credited with the formation of the Grace Group, a political pressure group within the PDP that then was a thorn in the flesh of the late PDP BoT chairman, Chief Anthony Anenih. The group merged with the Advanced Congress of Democrats (ACD) and later the Action Congress (AC), the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) and finally APC. He was said to have played a prominent role in the emergence of Oshiomhole as the governor in 2008 but left the party following irreconcilable differences with the comrade-governor in 2015. He defected to the PDP where he became its candidate in the 2016 election but lost to Obaseki. Ize-Iyamu, however, returned to the APC late last year. Chris Ogiemwonyi, a Minister of State for Works in the former President Goodluck Jonathan administration, hails from  Orhionwmon Local Government Area like other aspirants, except Governor Obaseki. Arhiavbere, a former Director of Finance of the Nigeria Army, was the PDP governorship candidate in 2012 before defecting to the ruling party. He joined the APC in 2015 and contested the 2016 governorship primary and lost to the incumbent governor. Political analysts believe that the General may not make any appreciable impact as he was said to lack the political structure to actualise his dream, even though he has the resources to navigate his way through. Saturday Iwulekhue has been described as a serious contender who has carved a niche for himself as a grassroots politician. He was one of a few prominent politicians who participated in the mock PDP primary between former Governor Igbinedion and Senator Roland Owie in the run up to the 1999 governorship election. Iwulekhue was the chairman of Orhionmwon Local Government Area between 2004 and 2007. Besides, he was a commissioner in Oshiomhole’s administration and was the immediate past representative of Edo State on the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The experience gathered from these positions and his integrity may put him miles ahead of other aspirants, but he may not have the required financial muscle for the tough race. From the PDP camp is Omoregie Ogbiede-Ihama, a lawmaker from Oredo Federal Constituency who has since threw his hat in the ring for the governorship race on the platform of the PDP, won a second term in 2019, a feat that had never been achieved by any politician in the constituency. A grassroots politician with his supporters spread across Edo South Senatorial District, Ogbiede-Ihama has been making consultations across board. His Achilles heels, however, may have to do with acceptability across the other 17 local government areas of the state and the two other senatorial districts in the state, Edo North and Edo Central. Still from the PDP camp and from Edo Central is David Ikhine who signified his intention to contest the governorship election. He hinged his ambition on the spirit of zoning which the PDP is noted for, even as he has argued that the opposition party ought to cede the governorship to Edo Central where he hails from. He further noted that apart from Senator Oserhriemien Osunbor, who had a stint as governor for 18 months between May 2007 and November 2008, Edo Central has not been given a chance. Against the backdrop of a recent failed attempt by the quintet of Ize-Iyamu, Odubu, Airhiavbere, Ogiemwonyi and Iyalekhue to pick a single aspirant for the party’s primary, Edo State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Henry Idahagbon, has restated the determination of the Edo People›s Movement (EPM), a pressure group within the APC, to field a single aspirant for the party’s governorship primary. Idahagbon, a coordinator of EPM, said a meeting held by the group, last week, at the home of a former deputy governor in Benin ended in a deadlock. The spirited defence by Idahagbon on issues concerning the matter, however, did not cut ice with Mr Anslem Ojezua, the APC state chairman loyal to Governor Obaseki who pointedly accused Oshiomhole of having a hand at what he insisted was an illegal gathering. The gathering also drew the ire of Governor Obaseki who amplified Ojezua, accusing the APC national chairman of continued violation by failure to heed the directives to halt the spread of COVID-19. With only 10 of the 24 House of Assembly sitting, Governor Obaseki will, for sure, be facing the greatest political battle of his life, following the irreconcilable differences in the party which burst into the open last year. The governor’s supporters are however optimistic, pointing to what they described as his giant developmental strides spread across the length and breadth of the state. In the great game, there will be no draw as only one winner must emerge and remain tall, while the losers will have to stand small as spectators of the show. June is pregnant and will, no doubt, tell who among the aspirants will pick the coveted ticket of their parties and the candidate that will go on to eventually triumph in the election.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING PHOTO NEWS: Suspected Coronavirus Patients Protest Treatment At Isolation Centre, Vow Never To Go Back
The patients, who trooped out from the Kwadon isolation centre, a few kilometres from Gombe town, alleged that they are starving at the centre, adding that they are not being well taken care of by the government. They marched on the highway disrupting free flow of traffic, showing their anger over what they described as… Read full story COVID-19: Sick Emir Of Daura In Intensive Care
The Emir of Daura in Katsina State, Alh Umar Farouk, is currently at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the Federal Medical Centre, Katsina due to his poor health condition. A source had told Tribune Online that contrary to a report emanating from one of the online media that the monarch was admitted since on Monday… Read full story FG Bars CBN, PTF From Unbudgeted Spending COVID-19 Donations
The Federal Government on Tuesday issued guidelines on the management of all COVID-19 special funds and donations. In a statement issued by Office of the Accountant General of the Federation, all funds related to COVID-19 must pass through the Treasury Single Account (TSA) and must not be spent unless the National… Read full story One Doctor Died, 32 Tested Positive After Contact With COVID-19 Patients, Says Kano NMA Chairman
Chairman of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Kano State chapter, Dr. Sunusi Muhammad Bala, on Tuesday disclosed that its association had lost one doctor to the coronavirus pandemic while 32 others have tested positive in the state. He also said that its members had resolved that they would not risk their… Read full story Yar’Adua Reversed Policies That Hurt Nigerians When He Was President, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has described former President Umaru Yar’Adua as a patriot despite their political differences. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Tuesday said as Nigerians observed the 10th anniversary of the death of the former… Read full story Senate Wants Police Force Decentralised
The Senate has called for the decentralisation of the Nigeria Police Force and the need for community policing as a way of addressing the country’s problem of insecurity. This formed part of the recommendations of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges which was considered and approved during… Read full story All Set For Return Of 265 Nigerians From UAE On Wednesday ― Minister
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Godfrey Onyema on Tuesday disclosed that the first batch of returning Nigerians in Diaspora would arrive in Nigeria on Wednesday, May 6, 2020… Read full story Lagos Discharges Another 60 Patients After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
The Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, announced the discharge of 60 patients from isolation centres after they tested negative for coronavirus twice. According to the governor, 40 males and 20 females were discharged from Yaba, Ibeju Lekki and Eti Osa isolation centres to reunite with… Read full story Oyo Border Areas Porous, Extend COVID-19 Testing To Oke-Ogun, Ogbomoso ― State Assembly Tells Makinde
The Oyo State House of Assembly has asked the Governor Seyi Makinde led government to pay attention to the porous nature of the state’s borders and extend testing to those border areas. The Assembly said this call became expedient due to the continued entry of foreign nationals into the state via borders in… Read full story 179 Arrested In Lagos For Flouting Face Mask, Distancing Order, 200 Vehicles Impounded
One hundred and seventy nine suspected violators of the face mask and social distancing order have been arrested by the police in Lagos State. Over 200 vehicles were also between Monday and Tuesday impounded by the police and the Lagos State Traffic Management Agency (LASTMA)… Read full story CIBN To FG: Diversify Economy From Over-Reliance On Crude Oil
The Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN) on Tuesday called on the Federal Government to diversify the economy and review its policy to stir the country away from import dependence and increase non-oil revenue. A past president of the institute and keynote speaker, Mr Laoye Jaiyeola, made the call at an… Read full story COVID-19: Nasarawa Govt Begins Tracing Of 74 People Who Had Contact With Late Lawmaker
Nasarawa State Government says its response team is tracing 74 contacts of the House of Assembly member who died due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Governor Abdullahi Sule made the disclosure while speaking at the beginning of an extended security meeting on Tuesday in Lafia… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!