The Anambra state police command has arrested two suspected armed robbers at Upper Iweka, Onitsha, the commercial city of the State. SP Hurana Mohammed, the Police Public Relations Officer, in the state, who confirmed the arrest in a statement, said the suspects were arrested in a gun battle between them and Police operatives attached to the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) in collaboration with local vigilante group in the area. According to him, the suspects who had been terrorising the Onitsha and its environ were caught red-handed while robbing innocent passersby of their belongings in the area. He said, “On the 21/5/2020 at about 6:30 pm following intelligence report, Police operatives attached to the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) in collaboration with the local vigilante group arrested at Upper Iweka in Onitsha, Anambra State one Kosisochukwu Onyemerem ‘m’ aged 20 years and Emeka Kalu ‘m’ aged 19 years respectively. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Sokoto discharges 5 patients, records 3 new cases “Suspects were caught red-handed while robbing innocent passersby of their belongings at Upper Iweka. On sighting the police operatives suspects engaged them in a shoot out and took to their heels when overpowered. They were pursued and arrested with the assistance of the local vigilante group in the area. “Meanwhile, exhibits recovered in their possessions include two locally-made revolver pistols, five .9mm live ammunition, three assorted phones allegedly snatched from the victims of the robbery operation, one driver’s licence bearing the name Fidelis Offor, and a cash sum of One hundred and twenty-three thousand nairas (N123, 000) of a different denomination. “Case is under investigation after which suspects would be charged to court for prosecution. “Consequently, the Commissioner of Police, Mr.John B.Abang reassures residents that the Command under his watch will continue to make Anambra State unbearable to the criminal elements until they repent or relocate from the State.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Moon Not Sighted, Sultan Says Ramadan Ends On Saturday
Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has confirmed that this year’s Ramadan will come to and end on Saturday, 23rd of May, as moon for the new month was not sighted. This is according to a press statement signed by Professor Sambo Wali Junaidu, Chairman Advisory Committee on Religious… Read full story Lagos Finalises Register- To- Open Guidelines, Set To Restart Economy ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State government has set the process of re-opening its economy in motion, with the rollout of Register-to-Open guidelines, saying the 4-page guidelines were the major part of the measures initiated to achieve phased re-opening of the state economy… Read full story Buhari’s Executive Order Gives Financial Autonomy To State Legislature, Judiciary
President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday signed an Executive Order granting financial autonomy to both legislative and judicial arms of states. It was tagged Executive Order No 10 of 2020 according to a statement by Dr Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations Office of the… Read full story Reps Threaten To Prosecute MDAs Over Breach Of 2020 Budget
Following the submission of the revised 2020 budget proposal by President Muhammadu Buhari, the House of Reps on Friday warned that Federal Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) to desist from tampering with the 2020 budget. The Chairman of the Appropriation Committee, Hon. Muktar Aliyu Betara… Read full story Ogun Govt Extends Lockdown By Another Week
Ogun State government has, yet again, extended the existing lockdown by another week. Gov Dapo Abiodun made this known while briefing journalists on Friday in Abeokuta. He maintained that the state was constrained to extend the lockdown for another week as it continued to record more cases of the Coronavirus… Read full story Islamic Cleric Ordered To Return 16-Year-Old Girl He Married As 9th Wife In Ondo
An Islamic cleric in Odo State was on Friday, May 22, asked by a court to return a 16-year-old girl to her parents after he forced her into marrying him, thus becoming his ninth wife. The Islamic cleric, Alhaji Yusuf Lateef, was ordered by the Family Court based in Akure, the state capital, to return the secondary… Read full story US Family Returns $1million Found On Street
A sheriff’s department in the US state of Virginia praised a family who returned two large mail bags they found in the middle of the road — filled with nearly $1 million in cash. Emily Schantz told local television station WTVR that her family was out driving when they ran over one of the bags… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to… Read full story Chinese Medical Team Not In Nigeria To Treat Coronavirus Cases, Says CCECC
The China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) on Friday said the 15-man Chinese medical team has been carrying out its “assignment in Nigeria basically in an advisory role capacity and not treating coronavirus patients. In a statement released on the official Twitter handle of the company on Friday… Read full story Nigerian Who Works As Nurse In UK Dies Of COVID-19 Because ‘He Was Not Given Adequate Protection’
The family of a Nigerian who works as a nurse who died from COVID-19 in the United Kingdom have claimed he had not been given protective equipment and was trying to buy his own on eBay. Father-of-two, Andrew Ekene Nwankwo, 46, died on May 16 after spending five weeks on a ventilator at Boomfield Hospital… Read full story Yoruba Ko’ya Set To Promote Food Production, Others In South-West
A pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Yoruba Ko’ya Leadership and Training Foundation, on Friday, said it is resolved to propel knowledge-based entrepreneurship, food production, trading and vocational training among the younger generation and market men and women in the South-West geopolitical zone of the country… Read full story History Of Abacha’s Theft Is Being Rewritten Before Our Eyes
In her historical fictional narrative titled “The Lost Sisterhood,” Danish-Canadian writer Anne Fortier quotes one of her characters as saying that “those who control the present can rewrite the past.” This is playing out right before us in what I called the curious posthumous deodorization of Abacha’s grand larceny in… Read full story Trump Calls On Governors To Allow Places Of Worship To Open This Weekend
The United States President, Donald Trump, on Friday, demanded that states allow religious services to take place again this weekend, thus ending shutdowns that were part of efforts to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. Trump made the proclamation, which he phrased in the form of a verbal order, from the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING