The Director-General of the Nigeria Agricultural Quarantine Service (NAQS), Dr Vincent Isegbe has announced that the government had directed his agency to resume export of agricultural produce. A statement signed in Abuja today by the Head, Media, Communications and Strategies, NAQS, Dr Gozie Nwodo, quoted Dr Isegbe as saying that the Federal Government has authorized the Agency to fully resume its export certification duties at all ports immediately. According to Dr Isegbe ”the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation has also issued a consequential whole-of-government directive instructing Ministries, Departments and Agencies as well state governments to cooperate with NAQS to enable a well-choreographed restoration of export traffic for the benefit of all Nigerians.” The lockdown announced as part of the strategy to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus occasioned a hiatus in the agricultural value chain. With almost all the states in the country under one form of curfew or the other coupled with the ban on interstate transportation, institutional and logistical barricades blocking human and vehicular movement everywhere. This situation made the passage of agricultural commodities from the remote production hotspots to the ports which are mostly located in the urban areas difficult. ALSO READ: COVID-19: Don’t make FG palliatives APGA affair, Anambra PDP warns Obiano The Director-General disclosed that the Federal Government granted the Agency authorization to make agro-export kinetic again because of the manifest need to free all functions related to agricultural export on both the public and private sectors side from any encumbrance. He revealed that the Nigeria Customs Service, Nigerian Aviation Handling Company PLC (NAHCO Aviance), Skyway Aviation Handling Company (SAHCO), Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), the Federal Road Safety Commission, Vehicle Inspection Office, the Nigerian Police and other security agencies are now under obligation to work in concert with NAQS and stakeholders to reanimate agricultural export. Dr Isegbe said producer and transit state governments were expected to grant the right to free passage to the consignments along efficient corridors that have been mapped by NAQS under a best logistics-support arrangement. He called on all relevant entities in the agricultural export environment to play their respective parts to foster the return of business to a normal pace. While pointing out that agricultural export accounts for the lion’s share of Nigeria’s non-oil export performance, Dr Isegbe underscored that ”given the nosedive of crude prices, the spike of job losses in all continents and the slump of the global economy, it has never been more critical for Nigerian agricultural export to stand to its full height as one of the twin pillars of the Nigerian economy.” Dr Isegbe assured that, as a responsible public service provider, NAQS has creatively adapted to the challenge of the current context. Hence, the Agency will balance the consideration of professional protocols and adherence to all recommended covid-19 safety precautions in the discharge of its statutory mandate of inspection and certification of agricultural products. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Lagos Will Not Hesitate To Review Easing Of Lockdown If… ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Saturday warned that the state government will not hesitate to review the terms of easing of lockdown currently in operation if it continues to see evidence that Lagosians are determined to flout the rules… Read full story Agency Arrests LG Chairman For Allegedly Sharing Palliatives To Police, DSS, Others
Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption (PCAC) has arrested Kumbotso Local Government Council Chairman, Alhaji Kabiru Ado Panshekara over alleged abuse of power in the distribution of government palliatives in his local government… Read full story Journalist Tests Positive For COVID-19 In Bauchi
A journalist working in Bauchi State has tested positive for the novel coronavirus, the state’s deputy governor, Mr Baba Tela, announced on Saturday. Tela, who is also the chairman of the Bauchi State Task Force on COVID-19 and Lassa fever, made the announcement at a news conference at Government House in Bauchi… Read full story Yoruba, Biafra UNPO Membership: Risk Of Nigeria Breaking Up Now Higher
Concerns over the risk of Nigeria breaking up with some ethnic nationalities pulling out of the union appear to have been heightened with the admission of the Yoruba and Igbo nations into the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organisation (UNPO)… Read full story Latter-Days Saints Refutes Claim Church Refunding Tithes To Members
Contrary to the news doing the rounds that the Church of Jesus Christ Latter-Days Saints, has concluded plans to refund the total amount of money paid as tithe in the last three years to members across the world to cushion the effect of the coronavirus pandemic, the church has debunked the news as well as described it as fake… Read full story COVID-19: 160 Stranded Nigerians Depart U.S For Abuja
The first batch of Nigerians stranded in the United States due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic are on their way back home. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 160 Nigerians, including eight infants, made the first batch of evacuees… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!