A member of one of the different gangs of armed robbers that attacked banks and other places in Ekiti, Ondo and Oyo States has described his friend, Olaoluwa, who died in the custody of the police as ‘a strong’ member of different robbery and burglary gangs. Olatunbosun Ojo, a member of one of the gangs that recently attacked two banks in Ile Oluji town of Ondo State said that though his deceased friend did not follow the bank robbers, he bought two of the guns that were used for the Ile Oluji banks operation for them. He, however, pointed out that the deceased man was not aware of the banks’ operations but that he bought the guns for him to be used for other robbery operations and burglary. The deceased Olaoluwa died in the custody of the Inspector General of Police Special Tactical Squad in an incident that has become a subject of investigations to the police. Olaoluwa was arrested by the IGP team in Ibadan and was used to track Olatunbosun, who confessed to having participated in a series of bank robberies including that of Idanre, Oye and that Ile Oluji on Feb 6th 2020. Tribune Online gathered that the deceased Olaoluwa was initially arrested in Ibadan, Oyo State to track Olatunbosun, who was wanted for bank robbery is but was transferred to Lagos after preliminary investigations revealed that he was into armed robbery. Olatunbosun said “I met Olaoluwa around Queen Cinema area of Ekotedo in Ibadan, where I used to buy gas cooker accessories. He was the leader of the touts there.” ALSO READ: Kwara slashes Right of Way for digital connection to N1 per km “We became friends with each other and we used to gamble at a place, where he and other guys play ‘whot’ cards in the area and we got very close.” The suspect also said, “one day, he told me that a boutique owner near his house was fumbling to him and that he wanted to teach him a lesson by burgling his shop .” “Because I didn’t trust him. I told him that I was not interested but later I got to know that he organized some other people to loot the shop.” “His wife should be able to confirm that the burglars, who burgled the boutique all converged and met in their house before they went for the operation.” Olatunbosun also stated that he followed him to two places, where they stole bags of rice, including the ones that were meant for political party members and how they also attacked residential buildings in Oyo and Ondo States. “He bought two locally-made pistols for me. He bought the first one for N30000 and the second one for N15000. We took the guns to our operations.” The suspect confessed that he used the guns to join other groups to the last February robbery in Ile Oluji.  He ( Olaoluwa) was not aware of the bank robbery. He also participated in the Oye and Idanre bank robberies. He was also not aware of those ones.” An ex-convict, 54-year-old Benjamin Anjoein, who claimed to have lived in the deceased Olaoluwa’s house for two years confessed to having followed the gang to the burglary incident at the boutique. He said, “I lived in his house for two years, after I came back from prison and when I told him that I needed to rent my own apartment, he suggested the burglary of the boutique.” Benjamin also said, “we broke into the boutique and after selling all that we took, he gave me N10000 and promised me that I would get more from another operation.” “One of Olaoluwa’s sisters, Omolade was aware that I had a gun. There was a time I introduced him into robbery. I even showed her my gun but she declined. He added” The man also said that ” We were together when he died. He wanted to go and urinate and he fell down and we tried to give him the drugs that were given to him in Ibadan by his wife but it had finished and we had to call the police, who took him to the hospital, where he died.” COVID-19: We’re Yet To Receive Promised Ventilators From US ― Minister
The Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government is yet to receive the promised ventilators from the United States of America (USA). The minister said this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus (COVID-19) daily news conference… Read full story Sokoto Bandit Attacks: Buhari Orders ‘Fierce’ Military Operation
President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the military to embark of a fierce operation to dislodge bandits terrorising people in Sokoto State. While condoling with families who lost loved ones in an attack by bandits in Sabon Birni Local Government it the state, he prayed for the quick recovery of those that sustained injuries… Read full story COVID-19: Ogun Govt Lifts Lockdown
The Ogun State Government has lifted the lockdown order pronounced on the state, since the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic to combat the spread of the disease from Monday to Friday. This was contained in the address of the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Thursday, while updating the efforts… Read full story Osinbajo Heads Use Of Toilet Campaign Committee
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday inaugurated the Steering Committee of the “Clean Nigeria: Use the Toilet Campaign,” which he leads as chairman. Tribune Online reports that the committee comes as stakeholders continue to ramp up efforts to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country… Read full story Doctors Refusing To Treat Patients Of Other Ailments Over Fear Of COVID-19, Says PTF
More deaths are being recorded in patients with other ailments because medical institutions in the country are refusing to handle cases because of fear of contracting coronavirus, the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the pandemic has observed… Read full story Malami Explains Why Buhari Signs Executive Orders
The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Thursday, said the Presidential Executive Orders are aimed at complementing existing legislation and ensure inter-agency coordination in the process of implementation… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING