A call has gone to governent at different levels to support the poultry sub-sector in order to explore the potentials abide in the important industry of the Nigerian economy. Chairman of the Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN) Oyo state chapter, Mr. Gbemisoye Agboola, who made the call in Ibadan said that the government refused to support the poultry industry due to the belief that the sector is being driven by big players. While describing this conclusion by government as erroneous, Agboola called on the government to support the local poultry players, as it was foreign firms who had dominated the industry due to the favourable credit facilities they enjoy from their countries of origin. To adequately turn around the sector, Agboola urged the government to support farmers with loan facilities, and ease the processes involved in accessing facilities from the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme (ABP), most especially in southern Nigeria. Agboola, also pointed to the fact that domineering countries in the sector are already upscaling Egg Powder Production, with the product in high demand in beverages and food processing industries. Sadly, Nigeria spends billions of dollars in importing egg powders a product which she has the capacity to upheave. The PAN Chairman, however, identified that the trend had to be halted to push the sector post-COVID-19. On the leeway, Agboola called for a Public-Private Partnership to drive the establishment of egg powder production plants across the country. “Government and the private sector should collaborate to establish egg powder production plants, so as to save the losses incurred by farmers during egg glut, and also increase production, for industrial uses. “The egg powder production plants will save our country the huge foreign exchange being spent annually on its importation. The egg powder production plants will create sizeable jobs, and also be a source of internal revenue generation for governments. “Egg powders can also be exported to neighboring countries, who also consume the eggs produced from our country,” the chairman proffered. The poultry don further revealed that asides egg production, the poultry industry was also packed with enough economic potentials such as the production and processing of meat [chickens and turkeys]. He said some facets of the poultry industry had remained untapped, including the feeds and fertilizer industry, which played an intrinsic role in the development of poultry. The chairman further advised that to boost agriculture in Nigeria, practising commodity farmers must be entrenched into various agricultural committees, as bespoke policies were vital to the growth of the sector. With the effect of COVID-19 impacting most Nigerians, poultry farmers have been unable to sell off their products, with egg producers battling egg gluts and deaths of poultry animals. Agboola finally implored the government and civil organisations to assist these farmers by buying off their products and include them in the palliatives distributed to citizens, as well as the Home Grown School Feeding Programme.     YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story Subsidy Removal: Those Who Can’t Fix Refineries Should Give Way ― NLC
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has warned that the Federal Government should not talk about; or contemplate fuel price increase; even as it stated that subsidy is a cover-up for inefficiency and corrupt in the system. The NLC gave this position, as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association… Read full story The Looming Fiscal Crisis And The Wisdom Of Awolowo
In terms of financial wizardry and sheer genius in economic statecraft, the only master I bow to is the legendary sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. I believe he was an extraordinary statesman and an economic genius to boot. Former Head of State General Yakubu Gowon once observed: “If you know of a man greater… Read full story COVID-19: Curfew Now 8pm To 5am In Oyo
The Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, on Sunday, relaxed the existing curfew imposed on the state in respect of the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to between 8 pm and 5 am. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr Taiwo Adisa, confirmed that the decision was reached at the… Read full story Adeboye Speaks On How Coronavirus Will End, Urges Nigerians Not To Panic
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye on Sunday said only a big miracle would make the deadly coronavirus pandemic leave the world completely. Pastor Adeboye stated this on Sunday during a live broadcast to his members on Dove… Read full story Southeast Governors Meet In Enugu, Explain Delay In Implementation Of Zonal Security Outfit
GOVERNORS of the Southeast geo-political zone on Sunday explained why they are foot-dragging on the commencement of their zonal security outfit, saying that the Inspector-General of Police is not keeping with the agreement they reached with him… Read full story No Rift Between Makinde And I ― Oyo Deputy Governor
Contrary to speculation of a cold war between him and his boss, Oyo State Deputy Governor, Raufu Olaniyan, has said there is no rift whatsoever. Olaniyan described the relationship between him and Governor Seyi Makinde as “robust and cordial… Read full story Buhari Tasks Farmers On Massive Food Production, Says ‘No Money For Food Importation’
President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian farmers on the need to embark on massive productive agricultural activities this farming season as Nigeria has no money for food importation. The president gave the challenge shortly after observing this year’s Eid prayer alongside members of… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!