Dr Adebayo Orire is a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC). In this interview by ‘YOMI AYELESO, the medical doctor talks on the chances of his party ahead of the Ondo State governorship election later in the year and other issues.  WHAT is your assessment of the Governor Rotimi Akeredolu-led All Progressives Congress (APC) administration Ondo in the last three and half years? I think there is no government that will be in place that will not have done something, but I think we could do more as a party and as a government. When you think of governance, you are talking about the people. You are talking about the politicians; you are talking about development in place. How much about agriculture, industry and other areas? How are the politicians thinking about their performances and how the populace sees the government. These are the parameters you will take into consideration before you can really assess government and this assessment is left to the people to decide especially during the election.  There seems to be crisis in the state chapter of the APC and many people believe that Governor Akeredolu is the cause of the imbroglio in the party. Considering this and other factors, do you think he deserves the second term ticket of the party? There are issues such as anti-party activities leveled against him during the 2019 elections as well as issues of non-performance, under-performance, insensitivity to party members and so many other complaints. Some are subjective and others are objective. But don’t forget that it is the right of a sitting governor to seek a second term. However, it is the pertinent right of the governed and the party members to determine whether they will give him the chance or not. We have a kind of conspiracy of silence, conspiracy of docility, conspiracy of insensitivity and conspiracy of potential greed on the side of followership. The stakeholders see it that the governor might call them anytime for contract. The common man is docile because he feels his voice is not going to be heard. All these have culminated to give us a bad fellowship and very stubborn and irresponsive leadership. These are the situations. And what are we going to do? If he has done well, it is at the purview and the responsibility of the governed and stakeholders to decide, but it is his right to seek second term and in good climes, he should be given the opportunity.  At the moment, there are obvious crisis with the Unity Forum and other issues in the party. Don’t you think these issues will affect the chances of the party in the October poll? Let me tell you that the way forward is that if they know they are not going to give it to Akeredolu, they should come together and have a consensus candidate that will face the incumbent. Don’t forget there is nothing to share in failure. The Unity Forum must come together, if they desire to defeat the incumbent in the primaries. They should unite, if truly they are serious about defeating him, though I am not happy they want to drag him away. Akeredolu is my friend. If they have decided in sending him parking, it is only through cooperation. It is dispassionate cooperation. All the aspirants should throw away their ego. They should throw away that bloated ego, work together with one person to win first and they can then form the government together later. That is the only way to drive any incumbent away, otherwise, it will be a waste of time for them that a person they don’t want will come back to rule over them.  What is the best method you advise the National Working Committee (NWC) to use for the upcoming governorship primaries in the state? If you are talking about democracy and true democracy, it is the participation of people and the majority for the highest good of the people. Direct primary method is always the best. Also, if you look at the history of indirect or delegate primaries, it is always being bought. In recent time, you will just see a delegate who will just go and meet about five aspirants over the night and collect millions of naira and voted just one person. He might not even vote for any of them. Nobody in his right senses in this country will call for an indirect primary. I don’t want APC to lose any state again. They should go for direct primary and ensure majority of the populace determine who rule them. We are not supposed to be bought and sold anyhow. Let the people elect their leaders.  Are you saying people cannot be bought during direct primaries? It is easy to buy one thousand people during the indirect primaries than buying over million people that will do the direct primaries. If it is direct primary by queuing, it is most difficult to buy and it is the most popular candidate that will win. My concern now is that APC must not lose Ondo or any other state again.  But some leaders of the party have said that the party’s national chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, was responsible for the defeat of the party in some states during recent elections. What is your take? Let me tell you something; let anybody come out and allege how Oshiomhole has gone against the constitution of the party. He has only gone against the unguarded excesses of our party leaders and that is his offence. Don’t forget Oshiomhole had always be a politician whether as an activist, a labour leader and former governor. He knows the constitution and he wants the system to run and function. To me, I have not seen how and why he has contributed to APC losing in some states, rather than the fact that he wants a discipline system.  If God should come down and rule any place in Nigeria, people will complain about Him. I am not saying he is a saint, but I have not seen him going against constitutional provision of the party. We need more people like Oshiomhole in APC.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Moon Not Sighted, Sultan Says Ramadan Ends On Saturday
Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has confirmed that this year’s Ramadan will come to and end on Saturday, 23rd of May, as moon for the new month was not sighted. This is according to a press statement signed by Professor Sambo Wali Junaidu, Chairman Advisory Committee on Religious… Read full story Lagos Finalises Register- To- Open Guidelines, Set To Restart Economy ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State government has set the process of re-opening its economy in motion, with the rollout of Register-to-Open guidelines, saying the 4-page guidelines were the major part of the measures initiated to achieve phased re-opening of the state economy… Read full story Buhari’s Executive Order Gives Financial Autonomy To State Legislature, Judiciary
President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday signed an Executive Order granting financial autonomy to both legislative and judicial arms of states. It was tagged Executive Order No 10 of 2020 according to a statement by Dr Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations Office of the… Read full story Reps Threaten To Prosecute MDAs Over Breach Of 2020 Budget
Following the submission of the revised 2020 budget proposal by President Muhammadu Buhari, the House of Reps on Friday warned that Federal Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) to desist from tampering with the 2020 budget. The Chairman of the Appropriation Committee, Hon. Muktar Aliyu Betara… Read full story Ogun Govt Extends Lockdown By Another Week
Ogun State government has, yet again, extended the existing lockdown by another week. Gov Dapo Abiodun made this known while briefing journalists on Friday in Abeokuta. He maintained that the state was constrained to extend the lockdown for another week as it continued to record more cases of the Coronavirus… Read full story Islamic Cleric Ordered To Return 16-Year-Old Girl He Married As 9th Wife In Ondo
An Islamic cleric in Odo State was on Friday, May 22, asked by a court to return a 16-year-old girl to her parents after he forced her into marrying him, thus becoming his ninth wife. The Islamic cleric, Alhaji Yusuf Lateef, was ordered by the Family Court based in Akure, the state capital, to return the secondary… Read full story US Family Returns $1million Found On Street
A sheriff’s department in the US state of Virginia praised a family who returned two large mail bags they found in the middle of the road — filled with nearly $1 million in cash. Emily Schantz told local television station WTVR that her family was out driving when they ran over one of the bags… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to… Read full story Chinese Medical Team Not In Nigeria To Treat Coronavirus Cases, Says CCECC
The China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) on Friday said the 15-man Chinese medical team has been carrying out its “assignment in Nigeria basically in an advisory role capacity and not treating coronavirus patients. In a statement released on the official Twitter handle of the company on Friday… Read full story Nigerian Who Works As Nurse In UK Dies Of COVID-19 Because ‘He Was Not Given Adequate Protection’
The family of a Nigerian who works as a nurse who died from COVID-19 in the United Kingdom have claimed he had not been given protective equipment and was trying to buy his own on eBay. Father-of-two, Andrew Ekene Nwankwo, 46, died on May 16 after spending five weeks on a ventilator at Boomfield Hospital… Read full story Yoruba Ko’ya Set To Promote Food Production, Others In South-West
A pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Yoruba Ko’ya Leadership and Training Foundation, on Friday, said it is resolved to propel knowledge-based entrepreneurship, food production, trading and vocational training among the younger generation and market men and women in the South-West geopolitical zone of the country… Read full story History Of Abacha’s Theft Is Being Rewritten Before Our Eyes
In her historical fictional narrative titled “The Lost Sisterhood,” Danish-Canadian writer Anne Fortier quotes one of her characters as saying that “those who control the present can rewrite the past.” This is playing out right before us in what I called the curious posthumous deodorization of Abacha’s grand larceny in… Read full story Trump Calls On Governors To Allow Places Of Worship To Open This Weekend
The United States President, Donald Trump, on Friday, demanded that states allow religious services to take place again this weekend, thus ending shutdowns that were part of efforts to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. Trump made the proclamation, which he phrased in the form of a verbal order, from the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING