Trouble is brewing among the Association of Nigerian Licensed Customs Agents (ANLCA), Murtala Muhammed International Airport Lagos Chapter and the two aviation handling companies, Skyway Aviation Handling Company (SAHCO) and the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO). ANLCA according to information gathered is disagreeing with the managements of the two handling companies over the mandatory payment of demurrage on cargo being slammed on them which accrued as a result of the COVID-19 lockdown. The association in a statement signed and issued by its secretary, Mr Emmanuel Njoku, described the insistence of the handling companies to pay for the demurrage as a violation of the federal government’s directives on the lockdown of Abuja, Lagos and Ogun states during the period. In his reaction, the Managing Director of SAHCO, Mr. Basil Agboarumi, declared that the handling companies cannot give waivers to the customs agents, adding that unlike the maritime sector where the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) absorbed some waivers by giving credit notes to terminal operators, this cannot work in the aviation sector where the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) have refused to do same for the handling companies. Agboarumi explained that during the lockdown, SAHCO’s revenue dropped by 90 percent while no fewer than 4,000 direct employments were given out by the two handling companies. His words: “The aviation sector is bearing the brunt of COVID-19. Throughout the period of the lockdown, and as the airports and airspace was shut down and is still shutdown safe for approved flights, the ground handlers maintained operations throughout in the handling and delivery of essential cargo as released by Nigerian Customs Service in line with the laid down procedures of governance. “Ground handlers employ over 4,000 Nigerians directly and impact hundreds of thousands directly and indirectly, we have lost over 90 percent of our revenue and have material cash crunch, we are unable to meet our staff salaries going forward, neither are we able to meet other obligations.” But according to Njoku, when members of the customs agents resumed work on May 4th, 2020, after the lift on the lockdown, the two handling companies insisted that the agents must pay demurrage for shipments affected by the lockdown which he said contradicted the earlier clearance approved by the federal government on essential materials and vaccines as regards COVID-19 pandemic. Besides, he wondered that since its members at the seaport did not pay for demurrage during the same period queried why they at the airport would be made to pay when the lockdown order came from government but not ANLCA. While lamenting how his members were yet to resume work after the lift on the lockdown because of the crisis created by the handling companies, he appealed to FAAN to step in just as the NPA did in maritime. His words: While the airport cargo section work is not going on for a week now after the lockdown have been lifted because the handling companies are requesting freight forwarders to pay demurrage for shipments that were affected by the lockdown. “Hence, this question:we operate an open market where the same importers who use the seaport are still the same importers who use the airport cargo to pay demurrage within the same lockdown regime”. The ANLCA scribe urged the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on CORONAVIRUS to interpret the idea behind the lockdown of the airport cargo except for COVID-19 essential materials during the period and wanted the government to prevail on the management’s of the handling companies. However, the management’s of the two handling companies have insisted that there was no going back on the payment of the demurrage by the airport customs agents.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING P&ID: US Judge Grants Nigeria’s Request To Access Ex-President Jonathan, Diezani’s Bank Records
A New York Federal Judge, lorna Schofield has granted Nigeria’s request for a subpoena on 10 United States banks for information to prosecute government officials allegedly connected to the Process and Industrial Development (P&ID) alleged bribery scheme and subsequent $9.6 billion claims… Read full story COVID-19: Nigerians Recycling Face Masks From Dumpsites ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic has raised an alarm over the practice of some Nigerians picking face masks from dumpsites to recycle and sell. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who warned on this during the task force… Read full story [PROFILE]: Who Is Professor Ibrahim Gambari, President Buhari’s New Chief Of Staff?
On Tuesday, May 12, there was an official statement that Professor Ibrahim Gambari would succeed the late Abba Kyari as Chief of Staff (CoS) to President Muhammadu Buhari. The official announcement according to the Presidency will be made on Wednesday during the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting… Read full story Reps Tackle FG For Using Foreign Airline To Evacuate Nigerians Abroad
The House of Representatives on Tuesday kicked against the Federal Government’s decision to engage foreign airlines in evacuating Nigerians stranded in abroad. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Mohammed Shamsudeen Bello and eight others… Read full story Reps Unhappy Over Mysterious Deaths In Jigawa •Ask FG to halt evacuation of COVID-19 patients to states of origin
The House of Representatives on Tuesday solicited for Federal Government’s intervention to urgently establish at least five testing centres in Jigawa State as part of efforts geared toward ending the mysterious deaths in the state. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by… Read full story We Tested 111 For Coronavirus In Kogi, They All Returned Negative, Says Govt
Kogi State government said on Tuesday said that 111 persons it tested for coronavirus returned negative. The state Commissioner for Information and Communication Strategy, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, made the disclosure in a statement in Lokoja, the state capital… Read full story Bandits Killed 15, Injured Five During Kaduna Attack ― Police
At least, 15 people have been killed by bandits in the recent attack on Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State police command. The incident was said to have occurred in the early hours of Tuesday when gunmen invaded the community… Read full story Another COVID-19 Patient Delivered Of Baby Boy At LUTH
A team of doctors, anaesthetists and nurses at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Idi-Araba, delivered another woman, 37, with coronavirus of a baby boy weighing. Professor Wasiu Adeyemo, Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LUTH, disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… Read full story 32-Year-Old Man Who ‘Recently Returned From Dubai’ Dies Of Coronavirus In Lagos
The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, says a 32-year-old man who recently returned from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, with severe underlying health conditions, died of coronavirus on Tuesday. Abayomi confirmed the death of the man, whose identity was not revealed… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos State Releases Additional Guidelines For Reopened Commercial, Industrial, Institutional And Recreational Facilities
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Lagos State Government on Tuesday issued additional guidelines for the operations of all the commercial, industrial, institutional and recreational facilities that have just been recently unlocked in the state. According to a statement by the state Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources… Read full story Senate Demands Prompt Action From Security Agencies Over Banditry In North
The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant security agencies to take firm and prompt actions against the resurgence of banditry in the country. The lawmakers also demanded full implementation of the recommendations of the Ad-Hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For The Port Harcourt Three
DURING these perilous times when Nigerians are daily confronted with hunger and pain, with waves of joblessness and privations surging since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic, some felons are still at their beastly best, perpetrating horrendous and blood-curdling crimes… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!