The Corporate Accountability and Public Participation Africa (CAPPA) has faulted reports by the Lagos Water Corporation (LWC) that most communities in the state have been enjoying improved water supply since the COVID-19 pandemic began, describing the claim as fictitious. The corporation had in a press statement dated May 7, 2020 listed Dolphin Estate, Magodo, Ikoyi, Saka Tinubu, Victoria Island, among other communities in Lagos that have been enjoying its service delivery since the pandemic began. The LWC Managing Director, Mumuni Badmus also added that the identified communities commended its services. CAPPA has, however, countered the Corporation’s position and insisted that its own investigation carried out in Adiyan, Iju, Epe, Isashi, Shasha, Surulere-Itire and other communities where the largest population of Lagosians reside shows that the LWC facilities were near grounded and water was not available for residents. CAPPA Programme Manager, AderonkeIgein a statement said: “We find it quite ludicrous that the LWC is conducting its own poll and appropriating improved services to itself to such an extent that it denies the reality that the larger segment of Lagos population does not have water to wash or even keep proper hygiene.” Ige explained that CAPPA’s investigation showed that between March 20 and April 18 during the lockdown in the state, none of the waterworks were functioning up to installed capacity, adding that the causes of the shutdown ranged from unavailability of diesel in the plants, to power outages, and technical hitches among others. In the breakdown of the investigations results, Adiyan which has an installed capacity of 70 million gallons per day (MGD) only produced as much as 23.33 MGD (its highest within this period) on April 14 and this volume declined to 14.56 MGD as at April 16. Iju with an installed capacity of 45 MGD only produced as much as 6.87 MGD on March 20th and this volume declined to 4.3 MGD on April 16.  Isashi with installed capacity of 4MGD only produced as much as 2.2 MGD on April 9. This declined to 0.95MGD as at April 16.  Also, Ikosi waterworks with 4MGD installed capacity did not produce any water throughout the period in review. Other waterworks visited are Epe, Agege, and Surulere-Itire. Ige noted that the missing link thus far is the failure of state governments to build the required political will to prioritise water for citizens through comprehensive public investment in infrastructure necessary to provide universal water access, jobs, improved public health, and invigoration of the Lagos economy. She insisted that the parlous state of the waterworks reinforces the call by the Our Water Our Right Movement which CAPPA is amember, for a comprehensive investigation of the funds ploughed into the rehabilitation of the 48 waterworks in Lagos including the N1.6 billion by the last administration in the state. She asserted that it is now time that the Lagos government to acknowledge the dire situation in the water sector, pull back from the misdirection that planned privatisation of the sector has created, and adoption of real solutions within the realm of the public sector. “At a time that the state government should prioritize provision of water as a check to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the last thing Lagosians need is the self-praise that the LWC is involved in. This diversion is unacceptable,” she insisted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on… Read full story Lagos Considers Full Reopening Of Economy
Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said on Sunday that the state government is considering full re-opening of the critical sectors of its economy, but quickly noted that the move would not be pushed in a hurry. The governor gave this indication while at a briefing after the State’s Security Council meeting held at the… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Agboola Gambari’s Burning Grass
What should Nigeria expect from you as Chief of Staff?”: “I don’t report directly to the nation; I report to the president.” “What should he (the president) expect from you? What can you assure him?” “I think you should ask the president. I give him my loyalty, competence and support.” “What will be your guiding principle as Chief of Staff?”… Read more COVID-19: Buhari May Announce New Policy Monday
President Muhammadu Buhari may on Monday announce new measures as the nation battles to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. Towards this, on Sunday, the president received a briefing and recommendations on efforts further contain the spread of the virus from the Presidential Task Force… Read full story COVID-19: Ganduje, Deputy, Political Office Holders’ Salaries Cut By Half
Kano State governor Abdullahi Ganduje, his deputy, all commissioners and other political office holders from the month of May would receive half salary due to COVID-19 pandemic challenges on the state’s… Read full story Israel’s Netanyahu Sworn In As Head Of Long-Awaited Unity Government
Israel’s parliament has sworn in a new government led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his former rival Benny Gantz, ending the longest political crisis in the country’s history, Aljazeera reports. After more than 500 days without a stable government and three inconclusive elections, lawmakers in the… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Infectious Diseases Bill
THE spontaneous anger triggered by the bill titled Infectious Diseases Control Bill 2020 has subsisted because of the resolve by the leadership of the House of Representatives to stick to its gun on the matter. The bill is being sponsored by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamilla; Pascal Obi, the chairman, House Committee on… Read full story Buhari Receives PTF Report On COVID-19 Containment Effort
President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday received a report from the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the COVID-19 pandemic on the effort at the containment of its spread. The task force led by its chairman and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, met the president at his… Read full story WHO To Kick Off International Meet Amid US-China Tensions
The World Health Organization will on Monday kick off its first-ever virtual assembly, but fears abound that US-China tensions could derail the strong action needed to address the COVID-19 crisis. The World Health Assembly, which has been trimmed from the usual three weeks to just two days, Monday and Tuesday… Read full story The Coming Anti-Christ And The Africans
This is an imaginary essay. But it fits in with the economic, geopolitical and spiritual realities of our world today. By a dream-vision, I was taken to the Infernal Kingdom where I beheld Satan sitting on his throne with glittering pomp. The powers and principalities were paying obeisance to him, prostrate on the ground… Read full story How Businesses Can Thrive During Peak And Trough
Business never follows a linear path. Rather, business runs in cycles; boom and bust, peak and trough, good and bad, great and tough. However, irrespective of the cycle in which a business finds itself, the stakeholders’ expectations remain unchanged – value must be delivered to them; customers expect quality… Read full story Speaking Against Evil Is Not An Act Of Disobedience
What is good becomes bad, when it is done at the wrong time. Also, it is good to be hushed and silent, but when you are silent and still when you are to speak out, silence becomes bad. Sleep is good, but when done at the wrong time, it becomes bad. It is good to rest at home, but when you rest at home at the wrong time… Read full story Leadership: Lessons Along The Way – 2
In the course of fulfilling your life assignment, many people will be engaged in the process, for good or for ill. You will be making the greatest mistake of your life by assuming that just because people gleefully got involved with what you are doing translates to their being committed to you. Those who are committed to… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING