Former Governor of Ekiti State, Chief Segun Oni, has assured another former governor, Mr. Ayodele Fayose and the state chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that his mission in the party is to encourage teamwork and build fellowship among members for a verile party. Fayose, through his media aide, Lere Olayinka, had said there won’t be red carpet reception for the former governor on his return to the party, advising him to go for his registration at the ward level. “Fayose didn’t say Oni is not welcome in PDP and don’t forget membership of a political party is optional. What he said was that if you are coming back to the party after leaving for about six years, there won’t be red carpet reception. Like when he went and came back in 2012, there was no red carpet reception for him then. Fayose said whoever that is coming should quietly go and register in his or her ward which is the normal thing to do,” he had said. But Oni, through a statement by the Director General of his group, Atunse Ekiti Movement, Dr Ifeoluwa Arowosoge, described Oni’s return to the opposition party whose platform he was elected governor in 2007 as home-coming According to Arowosoge, his quest was to join hands with other leaders to reposition the party ahead of future elections especially the 2022 governorship poll. “Mr Segun Oni and his numerous supporters are committed to building an inclusive party that would work to protect the interest of all its members. Teamwork and fellowship building would be the hallmarks of our engagements, interactions and participation in all activities of the party. “We are all excited to be back home to join hands with our compatriots in the strengthening and repositioning of our great party, the PDP, in its quest for good governance in Ekiti State. “Our return to the party was motivated by selfless considerations and the numerous calls by concerned Ekiti indigenes, home and abroad, on our political leader, Segun Oni, to deploy his forthright and honest leadership in advancing the good of the party.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Apple Music Appoints Florence Otedola (Aka) DJ Cuppy Its First Radio Show Host In Africa
The biggest company in the world, Apple Music, is launching its first radio show in Africa on Sunday and DJ Cuppy whose real name is Florence Ifeoluwa Otedola is its host. The streaming platform announced Thursday that “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy” will debut Sunday and will feature a mix of contemporary… Read full story 21 Years Of Civil Rule: Gains, Pains And Prospects
MOST Nigerians remain nostalgic about the epochal, extraordinary transformation that was heralded in the defunct Western Region of Nigeria in the First Republic under visionary and dynamic leadership. In just eight years of the pragmatic and purposeful leadership, imbued with vision, the region shocked the… Read full story Economy: Many Miles Crossed, Many Miles Lie Ahead
Politics and economy are entangled. Politics determines the economic direction while the economy determines the strength of the polity. If the economy is ailing, so will be the polity and vice versa. But the interplay between politics and the economy is choreographed by politicians… Read full story COVID-19: We’re Yet To Receive Promised Ventilators From US ― Minister
The Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has said the Federal Government is yet to receive the promised ventilators from the United States of America (USA). The minister said this at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Coronavirus (COVID-19) daily news conference… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING