THE Ship Owners Association of Nigeria (SOAN) has revealed that the presence of Covid-19 pandemic and the crash in oil price both exposed Nigeria’s lack of indigenous capacity in shipping. This is even as the group fingered waste dumping as the major reason dead fishes appeared recently along the Niger Delta coastline. Speaking to the Nigerian Tribune exclusively, President of SOAN, Mr George Onyung stated that no indigenous ship operator participated in the delivery of essentials needed in the fight against Covid-19. According to the SOAN President, “The Covid-19 pandemic really challenged our indigenous capacity. Also, the crash in oil price has left many of our members out of contracts. During this Covid-19 pandemic, indigenous shipping really suffered in Nigeria. “Take a look at the quantum of supply of essentials that are coming all over the world to Nigeria in her fight against Covid-19, indigenious operators are not part of it. Years back, we advocated for an improvement in Nigeria’s indigenous shipping capacity, but all these fell on deaf ears. Now, Nigeria needs delivery of essentials to fight Covid-19, and foreign shipping lines are the ones benefiting from the delivery chain. Nigeria is not part of it because she does not have international cargo vessel. “Look at what is happening in the oil tanker business around the world, Nigeria is losing out. If we had about 20 crude oil tankers in Nigeria, indigenous operators will be able to participate fully and bring benefit to the country as oil prices increase. “Right now, as I speak to you, we have received letters from the International Oil Companies (IOC) asking us (indigenous operators) to reduce our rates. If you are in a contract with somebody, you just don’t in the middle of the contract ask the other party to reduce his rate. This still boils down to lack of capacity in Nigeria’s oil tanker business. If we were involved in the transportation of our crude, we won’t be too helpless as we are now.” On dead fishes appearing on the Niger Delta coastline, Dr. MKGeorge Onyung pointed accusing fingers at illegal waste dumping. “The issue needed to be investigated by the responsible agencies of government. It could be down to a possibility of waste dumping, or how else can somebody explain the appearance of so many dead fishes along the Niger Delta coastline? “This is a situation that can lead to another pandemic if the fishes are consumed by unlettered residents in some of these Niger Delta communities. It is only in Gambia that fishes die because there is no much fishing there. That cannot be so here in Nigeria because our people do a lot of fishing. It’s important that the issue should be investigated.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Osun Discharges Two Children, Six Others After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
Osun State government on Monday night announced the recovery and discharge of eight coronavirus patients including two children from its isolation centre… Read full story COVID-19: Police Seal Emir Of Daura’s Palace
Police have sealed off the palace of the Emir of Daura, Alhaji Umar Farouk as a result of the monarch’s failure to prevent congestion in the palace. A source who pleaded anonymity stated that the emir assembled over 1,000 people in his palace where he distributed food to them… Read full story Omowura: Man Who Sat On 200 Needles
Five hundred and thirty five pages in seven chapters girded firmly, front and back, by a Preface, a Foreword, an Afterword and an Acknowledgment! This unusual structure makes this an uncommon biography. The story, if seen as a drama, has all the trappings of a Shakespearean tragedy: There is Ayinla Omowura, the tragic hero… Read full story S/Korea Begins Payment Of $11.65bn Disaster Relief Money To Households
South Korea on Monday began payment of emergency disaster relief funds totaling 14.3 trillion won (US$11.65 billion) to all households, Reuters reports. The money is enable the households to cope with the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak… Read full story Delta Farmer Harvests World’s Largest Cassava Tuber
A farmer, Mr. Chuwudumebi Innocent Nwogwonuwe of Onitcha-Okpe Quarters, Ubulu-Uku, in Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, has harvested what is considered the largest tuber of Cassava in the world. The cassava tuber which is named scientifically as Manihot Esculenta measures over 10 feet in,,, Read full story Police Intercept, Return 42 Zamfara Travellers Who Hid In Truck In Lagos
Forty two passengers who were allegedly trying to move from Zamfara State into Lagos State through a food truck were on Monday intercepted by the police and sent back to their state. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the development to the Tribune Online and warned other… Read full story Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson, Welcomes Fourth Child In America
Popular Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie and her husband, Prince Odi Okojie have welcomed their fourth child in the United States. Nollywood icon, Desmond Elliot broke the news on his official Facebook page today saying: “Congrats to our big mama Mercy Johnson Okojie on your new baby… Read full story COVID-19: WHO Supports Scientifically-Proven Traditional Medicine
In the search for potential treatments for COVID-19, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has welcomed innovations around the world, including repurposing drugs, traditional medicines, and developing new therapies. According to a press release issued by the WHO, it recognises that traditional, complementary, and… Read full story 14 Medical Staff Test Positive For COVID-19 In Katsina
The Katsina State government has confirmed that 14 medical staff are among the 35 new patients who tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. Governor Aminu Bello Masari of the state made the confirmation while briefing pressmen on Monday on the number of coronavirus cases in the state… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Case Of Peace Ufuoma
EVERY now and then, a story comes to our attention that speaks to the depravity of the times and the specific ways in which the average Nigerian is caught up in it. Such, evidently, is the curious case of 30-year-old Peace Ufuoma, who was sensationally advertised for sale on Facebook by Beirut-based Wael Jerro, for a princely sum of… Read full story The Case For And Against Remote Hearing In Court
We are gradually getting to the center of it all, now marking one month and some days since the compulsory lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic, although this has not seriously affected some sectors of the economy designated as essential services. By and large, the legal profession is beginning to feel the impact of COVID 19 and… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!