The Ogun Mobile Magistrate Court on Saturday convicted 67 people and ordered them to engage in community service for four hours. The four hours community service will involve the sweeping of selected places, picking of refuse and cutting of grass. They were among the 103 people arraigned before Magistrate Jide Ilo, who presided over the mobile court sitting in Abeokuta, for violating the stay-at-home order by the state government. Ilo also awarded fine of between N1,000 and N2,000 to 33 other violators, while three others were discharged following their genuine reasons for not staying at home. Their prosecution and conviction were parts of the measures put in place by the state government to enforce the stay-at-home order made to contain the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the violators were arrested at Lafenwa and Ita-Osin areas of Abeokuta by the state COVID-19 Security Task Force. They were arrested for disobeying the lockdown order and non-compliance with the compulsory use of face masks, while in the public in accordance with the state government’s directives. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Nigeria Running Out Of Foreign Exchange Amid Oil Price Collapse —Ex-US Ambassador, Campbell
THE fall in international oil prices is having a devastating impact on Nigeria’s formal economy, a former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr John Campbell, has said. Campbell, in a blog posted on the website of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), a United States think tank with specialisation in foreign policy and… Read full story FG To Submit List Of School Feeding Vendors To EFCC ― Minister
The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said the list of all participating vendors in the modified School Feeding Programme will be submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… Read full story NAFDAC Harps On Need To Promote Local Manufacturers
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has restated the need for Nigeria to promote local manufacturing sector. The Director-General of the NAFDAC, Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, made this assertion at a news conference to commemorate the launch of palliatives for Micro, Small and… Read full story 79-Year-Old Retired Nigerian Doctor, Wife Die Of Coronavirus In UK 10 Days Apart
Dr James Oniah, from Onitsha, Anambra State who was a retired radiologist, succumbed to coronavirus on April 24 while his wife, Mary Oniah, from Zambia, passed away from the virus on May 4. They both died at King George Hospital in Ilford, East London leaving behind three children as well as other family members… Read full story Real Reasons The Buhari Cabal Picked Gambari As Chief Of Staff
Few appointments have generated as much excitement— and entranced the imagination of Nigerians— as the appointment of Ibrahim Agboola Gambari as Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff. The Emir of Ilorin thanked Buhari for it even though there is no record of him publicly thanking Olusegun Obasanjo… Read full story