The Director-General, International Labour Organisation (ILO), Guy Ryder, has said the big challenge for all on the occasion  of 2020 May Day celebration amidst COVID-19 pandemic, is how to protect ourselves and families from the virus and how to hold on to our jobs. In a statement released from Geneva, the ILO director general stated that the stakes have never been higher with the current number of COVID-19 cases globally, the number of deaths and the the expected loss of millions of jobs. “In these times of COVID-19, the big challenge for most of us is how to protect ourselves and our families from the virus and how to hold on to our jobs. For policy-makers, that translates into beating the pandemic without doing irreversible damage to the economy in the process. “With over three million cases and some 217,000 victims of the virus to date globally, and the expected loss of the equivalent of 305 million jobs worldwide by mid-year, the stakes have never been higher.” He stated that governments across the world should continue to ‘follow the science’ in the search for the best solutions while foregoing the obvious benefits of much greater international cooperation in building the needed global response to the global challenge. According to him: “But with the war against COVID-19 still to be won, it has become commonplace that what awaits us after victory is a ‘new normal’ in the way society is organised and the way we will work.” This, he said is hardly reassuring, adding, “Because nobody seems able to say what the new normal will be, because the message is that it will be dictated by the constraints imposed by the pandemic rather than our choices and preferences. “So May 1, the international day of labour is the right occasion to look more closely at this new normal, and start on the task of making it a better normal, not so much for those who already have much, but for those who so obviously have too little. “This pandemic has laid bare in the cruellest way, the extraordinary precariousness and injustices of our world of work. It is the decimation of livelihoods in the informal economy where six out of ten workers make a living – which has ignited the warnings from our colleagues in the World Food Programme, of the coming pandemic of hunger.” “It is the gaping holes in the social protection systems of even the richest countries, which have left millions in situations of deprivation. It is the failure to guarantee workplace safety that condemns nearly three million to die each year because of the work they do. “And it is the unchecked dynamic of growing inequality which means that if, in medical terms, the virus does not discriminate between its victims in its social and economic impact, it discriminates brutally against the poorest and the powerless.” “And in times of global emergencies such as this, it would be to any country’s detriment if the post is not fully-equipped to function optimally when there is a shutdown of economic activities. “A country with the right postal infrastructure, provides government with good network for implementing of its programmes. “They include:  social security, dissemination of public information, distribution of medical and humanitarian equipment,” he said. He reiterated the need for an efficient and comprehensive postal system that will fill in the gap in the face of global emergency. “This is a period when postal services in most countries are at the fore-front of activities to reach their populace in this time of lockdowns. “We also need to be digitally equipped for times like this. “Investing and adopting the digital address system, where every Nigerian can be digitally traced via an address will help NIPOST achieve its distribution targets,” he added. He added that NIPOST was doing its best as much as possible to withstand nature, disasters, and help the country recover.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Clarence Peters Invited For Questioning Over Dancer, Kodak’s Death
Popular video director, Clarence Peters, Tribune Online gathered, has been invited for questioning by the Lagos State Police Command, over the death of dancer, Love Divine, popularly known as Kodak, who was electrocuted in his studio. Kodak, who is a popular dancer within the Nigerian music scene, allegedly died of… Read full story MONDAY LINES: Death And Dying Emirs
DYING is nothing; choosing the right time to die, if we can, means a whole lot. This coronavirus season is a very wrong time to go – undisturbed. You die now, you leave importunate questions blowing in the air. The Emir of Kaura-Namoda in Zamfara State died on Sunday morning. Was he a victim of COVID-19, the current… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Kano Mass Deaths
AMID the ongoing efforts to contain the coronavirus pandemic in the country, a strange cloud has enveloped Kano State. In the last three weeks, the state has witnessed massive deaths of people in very controversial circumstances. The deaths first became public knowledge following the release of a video clip… Read full story JAMB Remits N3.5 Billion To FG For 2020
THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has made an interim remittance of N3.5 billion to the Federal Government consolidated account for 2020. This is in addition to more than N3.5 billion paid to candidates as reduction of cost of ePIN as directed by President Muhammadu Buhari… Read full story CBN, Bankers’ Committee Suspend Lay-Offs In Banks
A special meeting of the Bankers’ Committee was convened on Saturday, to further review the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Nigerian banking industry a statement from Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) disclosed on Sunday… Read full story Court Shuts Church Indefinitely In Abuja Over Lockdown Violation, As Pastor, Others Evade Arrest
A mobile court sitting in Jabi, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, on Sunday, ordered for an indefinite closure of The Shekinah Glory Church, located opposite the popular Citec Estate, Jabi, for violating lockdown… Read full story COVID-19: 50 Almajiris From Kano Brought To Kaduna Tested Positive ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has said that 15 more almajiris that were brought from Kano to Kaduna have tested positive for COVID-19. This was even as he confirmed that the number of almajiris tested… Read full story Remdesivir: What The NAFDAC DG Said
In a report entitled “COVID-19: We are not likely to use Ebola drug for patients — NAFDAC” published in the Sunday Tribune edition, we quoted the Director-General of National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, as saying that remdesivir, the drug approved by… Read full story Abducted Twins Of Oyo Cleric, Akeugbagold, Released After £100,000 Ransom Negotiation
After eight days of dwelling in the bush with their abductors, the twins of former Chairman of the Oyo State Pilgrims Welfare Board (Muslim wing), Taofeek Akeugbagold were released at about 5.30 am on Sunday. The twins were picked near the bush at around Mufutau Laninhun College of Education area on the Lagos-Ibadan… Read full story Leading With Presence — 2
COVID-19 has changed the world and the way we do things. The changes it has brought upon humanity will be our new norm for some time to come. It is as if it was what the world needed to remind us that the only constant thing about life is change. Social distancing means we make less physical contacts… Read full story Things That Won’t Change Post COVID-19 (Part 3)
This is the third piece I am penning on this life-changing subject that has started helping a lot of people in Nigeria and beyond. So far, I have written on three non-negotiable values that will not change post COVID-19: vision, loyalty and confidentiality. The fourth value I am writing on is that of assiduousness and… Read full story Reflections On The Post-Coronavirus International Economic Order
THE novel coronavirus pandemic has been the biggest global economic shock since the 1929 Wall Street Crash. In fact, its ramifications might be even bigger, given that, unlike the 1929 crash, our world is today an integrated global marketplace… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!