TO mark the World Hand Hygiene day, the Emergency Operation Committee (EOC), Oyo State response team has asked Nigerians to wash their hands with soap and water each time they touch any naira note to keep safe from COVID-19 infection. Mrs Gbonjubola Owolabi, secretary, Infection Prevention Control pillar of the response team said naira notes, like hands, are easily contaminated with coronavirus. She declared that already COVID-19 is spreading in the community and so proper handling on naira notes and hand washing cannot be overemphasised. Owolabi, also the provost, Oyo State College of Nursing, Eleyele, urged people to make use of soaps and water provided in many shops and markets to clean their hands, saying often many people just pass them by. She said “handwashing with water and soap is a pillar to infection prevention and control. Let’s keep washing our hands anywhere and everywhere as much as possible to fight and defeat this pandemic called COVID-19. “Even when you touch money, wash your hands. We know that the COVID transmission is possible. It can be on the surfaces for about nine hours. Since you are not sure, when you go to the buy something in the market and you are back, sanitize your hand.” Mrs Owolabi said handwashing should be done when every individual has touched a surface that may be contaminated such as doorknobs, body fluids and wall switches.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Osun Discharges Two Children, Six Others After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
Osun State government on Monday night announced the recovery and discharge of eight coronavirus patients including two children from its isolation centre… Read full story COVID-19: Police Seal Emir Of Daura’s Palace
Police have sealed off the palace of the Emir of Daura, Alhaji Umar Farouk as a result of the monarch’s failure to prevent congestion in the palace. A source who pleaded anonymity stated that the emir assembled over 1,000 people in his palace where he distributed food to them… Read full story Omowura: Man Who Sat On 200 Needles
Five hundred and thirty five pages in seven chapters girded firmly, front and back, by a Preface, a Foreword, an Afterword and an Acknowledgment! This unusual structure makes this an uncommon biography. The story, if seen as a drama, has all the trappings of a Shakespearean tragedy: There is Ayinla Omowura, the tragic hero… Read full story S/Korea Begins Payment Of $11.65bn Disaster Relief Money To Households
South Korea on Monday began payment of emergency disaster relief funds totaling 14.3 trillion won (US$11.65 billion) to all households, Reuters reports. The money is enable the households to cope with the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak… Read full story Delta Farmer Harvests World’s Largest Cassava Tuber
A farmer, Mr. Chuwudumebi Innocent Nwogwonuwe of Onitcha-Okpe Quarters, Ubulu-Uku, in Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, has harvested what is considered the largest tuber of Cassava in the world. The cassava tuber which is named scientifically as Manihot Esculenta measures over 10 feet in,,, Read full story Police Intercept, Return 42 Zamfara Travellers Who Hid In Truck In Lagos
Forty two passengers who were allegedly trying to move from Zamfara State into Lagos State through a food truck were on Monday intercepted by the police and sent back to their state. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Bala Elkana, confirmed the development to the Tribune Online and warned other… Read full story Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson, Welcomes Fourth Child In America
Popular Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie and her husband, Prince Odi Okojie have welcomed their fourth child in the United States. Nollywood icon, Desmond Elliot broke the news on his official Facebook page today saying: “Congrats to our big mama Mercy Johnson Okojie on your new baby… Read full story COVID-19: WHO Supports Scientifically-Proven Traditional Medicine
In the search for potential treatments for COVID-19, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has welcomed innovations around the world, including repurposing drugs, traditional medicines, and developing new therapies. According to a press release issued by the WHO, it recognises that traditional, complementary, and… Read full story 14 Medical Staff Test Positive For COVID-19 In Katsina
The Katsina State government has confirmed that 14 medical staff are among the 35 new patients who tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. Governor Aminu Bello Masari of the state made the confirmation while briefing pressmen on Monday on the number of coronavirus cases in the state… Read full story EDITORIAL: The Case Of Peace Ufuoma
EVERY now and then, a story comes to our attention that speaks to the depravity of the times and the specific ways in which the average Nigerian is caught up in it. Such, evidently, is the curious case of 30-year-old Peace Ufuoma, who was sensationally advertised for sale on Facebook by Beirut-based Wael Jerro, for a princely sum of… Read full story The Case For And Against Remote Hearing In Court
We are gradually getting to the center of it all, now marking one month and some days since the compulsory lockdown due to the Coronavirus pandemic, although this has not seriously affected some sectors of the economy designated as essential services. By and large, the legal profession is beginning to feel the impact of COVID 19 and… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!