FOLLOWING challenges with limited access to health, the Brain Health Initiative of Nigeria (BHIN), a nongovernmental organisation, in collaboration with other doctors provided over 2500 free telephone consultations on all health-related issues during the COVID-19 pandemic. Dr Temitope Farombi, who is spearheading the free telephone consultations, said that the initiative which commenced 21st April involves offering free consultations to its callers on different aspects of medicine. These include dental care, children health, medical conditions, medication advice, accident and trauma cases, obstetrics and gynaecology. Others are wellness and wellbeing advice as well as mental health and geriatric care. Dr Farombi said the services are provided through 10 different Glo lines including, 08057802243(mental health cases), 08057801423 (children’s health), 08057802999(medical/geriatric cases) and 08057798627 (obstetrics and gynaecology) and 08057801596 (medication use advice). “We notice that a lot of people are afraid to come out to the hospital even though they are sick. Even the non-COVID-19 cases whose symptoms are similar to coronavirus infection are turned back and they are not getting adequate attention. “We observe that a lot of people resorted to self-medication and all sorts of things. These have contributed to an increased morbidity and mortality rate in communities,” she said. Dr Farombi said BHIN brought together 10 doctors to offer free medical health telephone consultations as its contribution to the COVD-19 pandemic response. Meanwhile, BRIN in its COVID-19 awareness and education campaign to the Hausa community in Sabo area of Ibadan has urged for cleaning of hands with soap and water before praying to get protected from COVID-19. During the campaign, food items, fruits, face masks, bottled water, kegs of washing liquid and buckets with taps were donated to the community. Dr Farombi stated that although it might be difficult for them to observe social distancing, washing of hands with soap and water always as well as the wearing of face masks would still be helpful to prevent contracting the infection. The medical expert said those without face masks could use handkerchiefs or scarf to prevent picking droplets through their nose and mouth, as well as avoid touching their faces, mouth and noses with their hands. Jerima of Ibadan land, Hausa community, Alhaji Danjuma Yakubu; Alhaji Basiru Yakubu and Ciroma of Ibadan land, Alhaji Isa Bawa, representatives of the community, expressed appreciation to the group for their intervention.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING P&ID: US Judge Grants Nigeria’s Request To Access Ex-President Jonathan, Diezani’s Bank Records
A New York Federal Judge, lorna Schofield has granted Nigeria’s request for a subpoena on 10 United States banks for information to prosecute government officials allegedly connected to the Process and Industrial Development (P&ID) alleged bribery scheme and subsequent $9.6 billion claims… Read full story COVID-19: Nigerians Recycling Face Masks From Dumpsites ― PTF
The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 pandemic has raised an alarm over the practice of some Nigerians picking face masks from dumpsites to recycle and sell. The chairman of the task force and Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who warned on this during the task force… Read full story [PROFILE]: Who Is Professor Ibrahim Gambari, President Buhari’s New Chief Of Staff?
On Tuesday, May 12, there was an official statement that Professor Ibrahim Gambari would succeed the late Abba Kyari as Chief of Staff (CoS) to President Muhammadu Buhari. The official announcement according to the Presidency will be made on Wednesday during the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting… Read full story Reps Tackle FG For Using Foreign Airline To Evacuate Nigerians Abroad
The House of Representatives on Tuesday kicked against the Federal Government’s decision to engage foreign airlines in evacuating Nigerians stranded in abroad. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Mohammed Shamsudeen Bello and eight others… Read full story Reps Unhappy Over Mysterious Deaths In Jigawa •Ask FG to halt evacuation of COVID-19 patients to states of origin
The House of Representatives on Tuesday solicited for Federal Government’s intervention to urgently establish at least five testing centres in Jigawa State as part of efforts geared toward ending the mysterious deaths in the state. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by… Read full story We Tested 111 For Coronavirus In Kogi, They All Returned Negative, Says Govt
Kogi State government said on Tuesday said that 111 persons it tested for coronavirus returned negative. The state Commissioner for Information and Communication Strategy, Mr Kingsley Fanwo, made the disclosure in a statement in Lokoja, the state capital… Read full story Bandits Killed 15, Injured Five During Kaduna Attack ― Police
At least, 15 people have been killed by bandits in the recent attack on Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State police command. The incident was said to have occurred in the early hours of Tuesday when gunmen invaded the community… Read full story Another COVID-19 Patient Delivered Of Baby Boy At LUTH
A team of doctors, anaesthetists and nurses at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Idi-Araba, delivered another woman, 37, with coronavirus of a baby boy weighing. Professor Wasiu Adeyemo, Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LUTH, disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… Read full story 32-Year-Old Man Who ‘Recently Returned From Dubai’ Dies Of Coronavirus In Lagos
The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, says a 32-year-old man who recently returned from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, with severe underlying health conditions, died of coronavirus on Tuesday. Abayomi confirmed the death of the man, whose identity was not revealed… Read full story COVID-19: Lagos State Releases Additional Guidelines For Reopened Commercial, Industrial, Institutional And Recreational Facilities
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Lagos State Government on Tuesday issued additional guidelines for the operations of all the commercial, industrial, institutional and recreational facilities that have just been recently unlocked in the state. According to a statement by the state Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources… Read full story Senate Demands Prompt Action From Security Agencies Over Banditry In North
The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant security agencies to take firm and prompt actions against the resurgence of banditry in the country. The lawmakers also demanded full implementation of the recommendations of the Ad-Hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges… Read full story EDITORIAL: Justice For The Port Harcourt Three
DURING these perilous times when Nigerians are daily confronted with hunger and pain, with waves of joblessness and privations surging since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic, some felons are still at their beastly best, perpetrating horrendous and blood-curdling crimes… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!