Information just reaching Tribune Online has hinted that a foreign chartered aircraft belonging to Flair Aviation from the United Kingdom has been impounded by the federal government for violating the special flight arrangement it has with the Nigerian government. Flair Aviation was given approval by the federal government for humanitarian operations but caught conducting commercial flights. According to the minister of aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika: “This is callous! The aircraft is impounded, the crew being interrogated. There shall be the maximum penalty. Wrong time to try our resolve.” According to the information earlier gathered, the foreign aircraft which was chartered to carry out the humanitarian exercise of evacuating some foreign nationals out of Nigeria, overstepped its bounds by involving in commercial operations. ALSO READ: Open Grazing: Benue arrests 406 herdsmen, impounds 6,842 cattle Rather than evacuate only the specified number of the stranded citizens, the airline decided to play a smart game by choosing to fly more passengers not on the original list on a commercial basis. Following the violation of the agreement, the aircraft has been impounded. ‘Why Doctrines Of Christian Denominations Differ’
Professor David Irefin, a professor at the Federal University, Lokoja, Kogi State, is also an archbishop of Brotherhood of Cross and Star. In this interview, he speaks about the difference between his church and other denominations. YEKINI JIMOH brings excerpts… Read full story Can Gambari Change @75?
PROFESSOR Ibrahim Agboola Gambari is one of the most dangerous public servants Nigeria has seen on the local and international scenes for about four decades now. As he was officially announced as new Chief of Staff to the President on Wednesday, I called a global diplomat with great concern for Nigeria on Thursday… Read full story What Marriage Has Done To My Life —Adekunle Gold
Popular alternative singer, Adekunle Gold may have travelled around the world, performed at some the biggest stages across Europe, including the 02 Arena, and emerged one of the most sought after Nigerian music stars. He may have had plenty of successes recorded in the last five years since he broke into the Nigerian… Read full story