There is a brewing anxiety over apparent breakdown of the lockdown and restriction of interstate movement of non-essential persons and goods ordered by the Federal Government to curb the spread of coronavirus. The development has reportedly resulted in the spike of virus cases in some states, particularly Lagos and Ogun and others close to them like Oyo and Osun on a daily basis. Sunday Tribune’s investigations showed that despite the ban on interstate travels, motor parks are operating unhindered, ferrying passengers across state boundaries at exorbitant prices. Findings also indicated that the security personnel expected to enforce the order sometimes use their operational vehicles to spirit people across states for a fee. The nation has, for some time, been battling with the issue of almajirai hidden in trailers used to transport cows and other food items to the Southern part of the country. But the latest development indicates that movement of people from one state to another, despite an order of the Federal Government to the contrary, is rife all over the country.  Ogun governor voices out frustration over COVID-19 fight Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, in a weekly briefing on the fight against the pandemic in his state released on Friday, lent credence to the crisis occasioned by unhindered movement of people across states. In the statement, he lamented the rate at which the restriction order was being breached, thereby spiking COVID-19 cases. “I must say that the level of compliance with the laid-down precautionary measures in the fight against COVID-19 is not yet at the desired level. Some people still flagrantly flout the Presidential ban on inter-State travel for non-essential services and the daily night curfew. “For example, four people from Kotangora, Niger State, were intercepted right in front of the Governor’s Office, here at Abeokuta on Monday, this week.  What is worrisome is how they managed to beat all the security barricades along the state borders and within the states that they passed through before getting into our dear State. “Whilst we are battling with internal migration, the immigrants from outside the country through our international land borders have also not given up, despite the closure of international borders. Nineteen (19) nationals from Togo and Ivory-Coast were intercepted after crossing into Ogun State, nay Nigeria through illegal land border routes on Wednesday. They are being quarantined at Idi-Iroko, pending repatriation back to their countries,” the governor said, disclosing that the flagrant violation of the order extended to the use of face mask and number of passengers carried by motorists. It will be recalled that the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) had in February voiced out similar frustration arising from failure of security agencies to enforce the inter-state restriction order.  How we bribe our way through lockdown –Oyo transporter A public transporter at Ojoo motor park in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, who spoke with Sunday Tribune anonymously on Saturday, explained that armed with the right price, he would convey passengers to any part of the country. It was learnt from the park, which was as busy as it used to be on Saturday that travelling to Ilorin, the Kwara State capital, would cost N2,000 by car or N1,500 by bus. “The price has to increase, because if we run into the security people, we have to pay them a fare on each of the passenger, although it is not every time that you see them till you get to your destination,” he explained. At the Total Filling Station garage, Shasha junction, Ibadan, there were standby buses and cars loading passengers to Sokoto Saturday afternoon. The park operators told Sunday Tribune undercover reporter that it would cost N6,500 to go by bus, while it would be N8,500 by car, adding that they preferred traveling by night. At a popular bus terminal at Challenge in Ibadan, transporters could be seen walking around, keeping watch on people who might be looking for a way out of the state. Once identified, the prospective traveller is booked and told to wait till the bus on queue – which is not parked in sight supposedly for the fear of law enforcement authorities – is full. Sunday Tribune learnt that a trip to Lagos could cost around N2,000 from challenge, while it could be about N3,000 by car. According to a transporter who spoke on condition of anonymity, going by bus was riskier than going by car, “because a car is sure to get into Lagos, while a bus is a 50-50 gamble. Depending on the mood of the security personnel at the state’s border, passengers could be allowed or denied entry. However, a car would be allowed to enter Lagos with a good excuse. “We wish to continue to find a way to make a living and there are people who also insist that the lockdown isn’t for them, because they must do business. And this is Nigeria; even if it will be tough, we will continue to find a way around things.”  Despite the inconvenience, travelling is possible in Kwara too Sunday Tribune findings also showed that interstate travelling during the lockdown period caused by the pandemic is exploitative, costly, inconvenient, but possible. Reports have it that some of the business people who had to travel from Ilorin, Kwara State capital, to Ibadan during the lockdown experienced unpalatable journey. Those interviewed cited alleged exploitation by security agents. “Drivers had to pass through bush paths, farms and villages to beat the security people when the lockdown start, because they are actually chasing vehicles back to where they were coming from. “Later, they were collecting as much as N500 upwards, depending on the goods you carry in the vehicle. Passenger vehicles have no serious problems, as long as you settle,” one of the traders plying Ilorin – Ibadan route said. Another respondent, who lamented over high cost of transportation caused by the lockdown said bus fare to Ilorin from Ibadan used to attract N1,200, but had been increased to N1,500, while car fare was hiked from N1,500 to between N2,000 and N2,500. “The explanation they gave for the hike is that they had to settle the security people at every road block. Meanwhile, the loading is not done at the regular motor parks to avoid possible sanction,” she said. A traveler who just traveled from Kaduna to IIorin said he only had to contend with hiked fare to make the trip, adding that the driver was settling the security agents on the way for easy passage. “As against N5,050, the transport fare was increased to N8,050. You know now,” he said.  Abuja travellers moving, but paying heavily Reports from Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) also have it that as lockdown across the country continues, persons who desperately need to travel from Abuja to various parts of the country are paying heavily. Meanwhile, the official motor park in Kubwa is closed, but private commuters loiter around the park waiting for people who might come to make enquiries about travelling from the park. When Sunday Tribune visited the park, about six men approached the reporter asking which state he wanted to travel to. All the men had different cars and buses parked within. After much persuasion, the reporter followed one of the men to their office where he made enquiries about cost of travelling outside the FCT. One of the managers of the transport companies, Chuks Peter, told Sunday Tribune that they charged N15,000 per person to Lagos. It will be recalled that before the pandemic outbreak, passengers were charged between N8,000 and N10,000 to travel to Lagos from Abuja. Also, it cost each passenger going to Enugu from Abuja N13,000 now. Before lockdown, with N5,000, a traveler could get to Enugu. However, the transport company told Sunday Tribune that they found it difficult to convey passengers to Port-Harcourt and that what they do is to stop at Owerri, while the passengers look for local taxicabs to find their way into Port-Harcourt.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Moon Not Sighted, Sultan Says Ramadan Ends On Saturday
Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has confirmed that this year’s Ramadan will come to and end on Saturday, 23rd of May, as moon for the new month was not sighted. This is according to a press statement signed by Professor Sambo Wali Junaidu, Chairman Advisory Committee on Religious… Read full story Lagos Finalises Register- To- Open Guidelines, Set To Restart Economy ― Sanwo-Olu
Lagos State government has set the process of re-opening its economy in motion, with the rollout of Register-to-Open guidelines, saying the 4-page guidelines were the major part of the measures initiated to achieve phased re-opening of the state economy… Read full story Buhari’s Executive Order Gives Financial Autonomy To State Legislature, Judiciary
President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday signed an Executive Order granting financial autonomy to both legislative and judicial arms of states. It was tagged Executive Order No 10 of 2020 according to a statement by Dr Umar Jibrilu Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations Office of the… Read full story Reps Threaten To Prosecute MDAs Over Breach Of 2020 Budget
Following the submission of the revised 2020 budget proposal by President Muhammadu Buhari, the House of Reps on Friday warned that Federal Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) to desist from tampering with the 2020 budget. The Chairman of the Appropriation Committee, Hon. Muktar Aliyu Betara… Read full story Ogun Govt Extends Lockdown By Another Week
Ogun State government has, yet again, extended the existing lockdown by another week. Gov Dapo Abiodun made this known while briefing journalists on Friday in Abeokuta. He maintained that the state was constrained to extend the lockdown for another week as it continued to record more cases of the Coronavirus… Read full story Islamic Cleric Ordered To Return 16-Year-Old Girl He Married As 9th Wife In Ondo
An Islamic cleric in Odo State was on Friday, May 22, asked by a court to return a 16-year-old girl to her parents after he forced her into marrying him, thus becoming his ninth wife. The Islamic cleric, Alhaji Yusuf Lateef, was ordered by the Family Court based in Akure, the state capital, to return the secondary… Read full story US Family Returns $1million Found On Street
A sheriff’s department in the US state of Virginia praised a family who returned two large mail bags they found in the middle of the road — filled with nearly $1 million in cash. Emily Schantz told local television station WTVR that her family was out driving when they ran over one of the bags… Read full story COVID-19 Fears: Buhari Bars Sallah Visitors From Villa
PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has said that he will be obeying the directive of the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar that all Muslims in the country should observe Eid-el-Fitr prayers at home. He also asked politicians, religious leaders, top government officials and children not to… Read full story Chinese Medical Team Not In Nigeria To Treat Coronavirus Cases, Says CCECC
The China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) on Friday said the 15-man Chinese medical team has been carrying out its “assignment in Nigeria basically in an advisory role capacity and not treating coronavirus patients. In a statement released on the official Twitter handle of the company on Friday… Read full story Nigerian Who Works As Nurse In UK Dies Of COVID-19 Because ‘He Was Not Given Adequate Protection’
The family of a Nigerian who works as a nurse who died from COVID-19 in the United Kingdom have claimed he had not been given protective equipment and was trying to buy his own on eBay. Father-of-two, Andrew Ekene Nwankwo, 46, died on May 16 after spending five weeks on a ventilator at Boomfield Hospital… Read full story Yoruba Ko’ya Set To Promote Food Production, Others In South-West
A pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Yoruba Ko’ya Leadership and Training Foundation, on Friday, said it is resolved to propel knowledge-based entrepreneurship, food production, trading and vocational training among the younger generation and market men and women in the South-West geopolitical zone of the country… Read full story History Of Abacha’s Theft Is Being Rewritten Before Our Eyes
In her historical fictional narrative titled “The Lost Sisterhood,” Danish-Canadian writer Anne Fortier quotes one of her characters as saying that “those who control the present can rewrite the past.” This is playing out right before us in what I called the curious posthumous deodorization of Abacha’s grand larceny in… Read full story Trump Calls On Governors To Allow Places Of Worship To Open This Weekend
The United States President, Donald Trump, on Friday, demanded that states allow religious services to take place again this weekend, thus ending shutdowns that were part of efforts to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. Trump made the proclamation, which he phrased in the form of a verbal order, from the… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING