Security operatives suspected to be from the Warri Area Command of the Nigeria Police on Tuesday arrested three journalists from the Press Centre of the Warri Correspondents Chapel in Warri, Delta State, over a yet-to-be-disclosed offence. The three journalists Mr Edeki Igafe of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Mr Matthew Omonigho of Daily Post, and Mr Francis Sadhere of BusinessDay. Report said Mr Omonigho of the Daily Post was picked up by the security operatives from the press centre located at Gbiaye Street in Warri at about 4:30p.m in a commando style. Thereafter, the two other journalists, Mr Igafe and Mr Sadhere, both Financial Secretary and Auditor of the chapel, who were detailed by the chapel to check on their arrested colleague at the Warri Area Command, were also reportedly arrested without stating their offences. As of the time of filing the report, the three journalists were still in the custody of the Warri Area Command. Meanwhile, efforts were on by the leadership of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) to reach the Warri Area Commander, Mr Muhammed Garba and the Commissioner of Police, Mr Muhammed Inuwa, on the development.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: INEC Mulls E-Voting
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has expressed its determination to deepen the use of technology in the electoral process amid the coronavirus pandemic. The commission made the disclosure in its document made available to newsmen, “Policy on Conducting Elections… Read full story Kaduna Govt Will Jail Parents Who Enrol Children Into Almajiri System ― El-Rufai
Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has warned that parents who enrol their children into the Almajiri education system stand the risk of prosecution and up to two years jail. El-Rufai stated this, in Kaduna on Monday, when he visited some 200 Almajiri children repatriated from Nasarawa State and undergoing… Read full story INEC To Redesign Polling Units To Comply With COVID-19 Regulations
Amidst COVID-19, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said that Polling Units shall be redesigned by the Commission to ensure substantial compliance with the COVID-19 protocols established by health authorities… Read full story WHO Suspends Trial Of Hydroxychloroquine As COVID-19 Treatment Over Safety Concerns
The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Monday announced a temporary suspension of the trial of hydroxychloroquine for treatment of coronavirus patient. The suspension of the trial, it said, was due to a higher mortality rate among patients receiving the drug… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!