A former Director-General of the Imo Broadcasting Corporation (IBC), Mr Theophilus Okere, allegedly stabbed his wife to death early on Monday at Imerinwe community in the Ngor-Okpala Local Government Area of Imo. Okere’s wife, whose name was not given, was described as a retiree of the Imo State Polytechnic, Umuagwo. The couple had been married for 50 years. A source in Imerienwe told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the 85-year-old former IBC boss had been suffering from dementia. According to the source, Okere most times is not aware of his actions. The sources, who pleaded not to be identified because he was not authorised to speak on behalf of Okere’s family, disclosed that the family had been managing Okere’s dementia for some time. ALSO READ: Edo 2020: Mixed feelings in APC, PDP ahead governorship primaries ”Okere has been down with dementia and the family has been managing the problem. ”Even today that he stabbed his wife to death, when he was asked why he did it, he responded that his wife was still sleeping. ”The other Sunday, Okere went to church and said that his car was missing when in fact the car was parked in his compound,” the source said. The Spokesman of the Imo State Police Command, Mr Orlando Ikeokwu, who confirmed the incident, told NAN that the police had commenced investigation into the matter. “It is true that the former director-general of the state-owned broadcasting corporation, Mr T.C. Okere, about 85-years allegedly stabbed his wife to death this morning. ”The command has commenced investigation into the matter,” Ikeokwu said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!