ONE thing is certain: by the time the world gets over the COVID-19 pandemic, there will be a new rule of doing things. The new kind of lifestyle we would have will not just be limited to the practices we must embrace to stay healthy. In most part too, it will affect even the way we evaluate the performance of leadership in public offices. One of the most celebrated presidents of the United States of America, John Fitzgerald Kennedy, once said “when written in Chinese, the word ‘crisis’ is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.” There is no doubting the fact that the COVID-19 pandemic has brought the world to its knees. It has imposed on us restrictions that, perhaps, no one alive today had ever seen before. People all over the world are being asked to stay alone and apart and thus eliminating the star feature of what makes us humans – our sheer uniqueness of being the ultimate social creatures. But as expected, the fight against the COVID-19 virus is not just a battle to restore our normal lives; more than anything else, it is to ensure that after we defeat the deadly virus, humanity and our civilisation would have acquired the necessary capacity to resist any upcoming monster of its kind.  The dimension with which every society and government prepare for the capacity optimisation will determine who become the heroes and villains of the Coronavirus pandemic. At it is today, the most topical news item in Nigeria, like everywhere else, is the spike in the number of infections and fatalities from the COVID-19 pandemic. Everyone is literally on their toes and it is not unexpected that during a time of emergency like this, governments and some non-governmental organisations would come together to find a common solution and provide necessary support to the people. In Oyo State for instance, there have been many such interventions. The state government is among the first set of states to promptly put together a diagnostic centre for the infection and that is in addition to several other social and medical safeguards that the government put in place to reduce the impact of the infection among the citizenry. The state governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, is even forging a path of his own. His approach to the COVID-19 infection is with the precision of a mechanical craftsman who leaves no loose bolts not tightened. His message to the people reflects empathy with assurances that everything is under firm control, while the citizenry must support the government to make the best out of the situations at hand. His messages are clear, consistent and soothing. His approach is not only just resonating with the people on emotional level, it is also working remarkably well. His most remarkable innovation is in having a master design of how the COVID-19 Task Force in Oyo State would operate. As expected in a time of emergency like this, the private sector and other non-governmental organisations would seek to give some support to the government. Recently, a set of private sector players approached the government to facilitate the setting up of a 200-bed isolation centre at the state’s Adamasingba Stadium or the Obafemi Awolowo Stadium, which the Federal Government had temporarily agreed to concede to the state government as isolation centre. But while the governor thanked the private sector people for their support, he told them that their support would not be in isolation of the state government’s plan and that the objective of their intervention would be more impactful if it was keyed into the government’s plan of action. Thus, rather than agree hook, line and sinker to the idea of putting up a 200-bed isolation centre at an open stadium which would be dismantled at the end of the COVID-19 situation, the governor said that he would prefer the isolation beds and equipment to be put in an existing healthcare facility which would be of use to the state after the battle against COVID-19 is won. Consequently, the government approved a portion of the General Hospital, Saki to sit a tranche of 100-bed isolation centre. The other 100 beds were transferred to Igbo-Ora in the state. The novelty in this design is that when the world comes out of the COVID-19 pandemic, Oyo State would have strengthened its capacity for future infectious diseases by 200 beds – thanks to the private sector who offered to help the government with a makeshift infrastructure, but which the government converted to something sustainable. In fact, apart from these 200 beds, the state government had on its own set up isolation centres in the state: the Agbami Centre in Jericho area of Ibadan and a centre at the LAUTECH Teaching Hospital, Ogbomoso. But most impressive is the facility at the Olodo area of Ibadan, which, initially, was designed to be a pediatrics hospital and was at about 70 per cent completion stage when the last administration left. At the outbreak of the pandemic, Governor Makinde promptly redesigned it as a 100-bed isolation centre with built-in facilities for oxygen tubes and ventilators. On inspection of the facility, named Oyo State Infectious Disease Centre, Director General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, commended the Oyo State government for putting up such an effective facility within a record time, remarking that the centre will not just serve the state and Nigeria, but the whole of Africa. The NCDC state remarked that the centre naturally belongs in the elite list of healthcare facilities in Nigeria. So far, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be a challenge to the world and even when it is eventually overcome, its impact will affect certain political decisions in the years to follow. The impact of the infection on the global economy continues to spiral and it is not yet known what its ground-zero could look like. But what is certain is that whenever the pandemic ends, some governments will remain standing while many others with wither with it. What will separate the two is the approach deployed to optimise opportunity during a time of despondency. Obviously, Governor Makinde is one of the few seeking to maximise opportunity out of the rubble.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING PHOTO NEWS: Suspected Coronavirus Patients Protest Treatment At Isolation Centre, Vow Never To Go Back
The patients, who trooped out from the Kwadon isolation centre, a few kilometres from Gombe town, alleged that they are starving at the centre, adding that they are not being well taken care of by the government. They marched on the highway disrupting free flow of traffic, showing their anger over what they described as… Read full story COVID-19: Sick Emir Of Daura In Intensive Care
The Emir of Daura in Katsina State, Alh Umar Farouk, is currently at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the Federal Medical Centre, Katsina due to his poor health condition. A source had told Tribune Online that contrary to a report emanating from one of the online media that the monarch was admitted since on Monday… Read full story FG Bars CBN, PTF From Unbudgeted Spending COVID-19 Donations
The Federal Government on Tuesday issued guidelines on the management of all COVID-19 special funds and donations. In a statement issued by Office of the Accountant General of the Federation, all funds related to COVID-19 must pass through the Treasury Single Account (TSA) and must not be spent unless the National… Read full story One Doctor Died, 32 Tested Positive After Contact With COVID-19 Patients, Says Kano NMA Chairman
Chairman of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Kano State chapter, Dr. Sunusi Muhammad Bala, on Tuesday disclosed that its association had lost one doctor to the coronavirus pandemic while 32 others have tested positive in the state. He also said that its members had resolved that they would not risk their… Read full story Yar’Adua Reversed Policies That Hurt Nigerians When He Was President, Says Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has described former President Umaru Yar’Adua as a patriot despite their political differences. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Tuesday said as Nigerians observed the 10th anniversary of the death of the former… Read full story Senate Wants Police Force Decentralised
The Senate has called for the decentralisation of the Nigeria Police Force and the need for community policing as a way of addressing the country’s problem of insecurity. This formed part of the recommendations of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges which was considered and approved during… Read full story All Set For Return Of 265 Nigerians From UAE On Wednesday ― Minister
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Godfrey Onyema on Tuesday disclosed that the first batch of returning Nigerians in Diaspora would arrive in Nigeria on Wednesday, May 6, 2020… Read full story Lagos Discharges Another 60 Patients After Testing Negative For Coronavirus
The Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, announced the discharge of 60 patients from isolation centres after they tested negative for coronavirus twice. According to the governor, 40 males and 20 females were discharged from Yaba, Ibeju Lekki and Eti Osa isolation centres to reunite with… Read full story Oyo Border Areas Porous, Extend COVID-19 Testing To Oke-Ogun, Ogbomoso ― State Assembly Tells Makinde
The Oyo State House of Assembly has asked the Governor Seyi Makinde led government to pay attention to the porous nature of the state’s borders and extend testing to those border areas. The Assembly said this call became expedient due to the continued entry of foreign nationals into the state via borders in… Read full story 179 Arrested In Lagos For Flouting Face Mask, Distancing Order, 200 Vehicles Impounded
One hundred and seventy nine suspected violators of the face mask and social distancing order have been arrested by the police in Lagos State. Over 200 vehicles were also between Monday and Tuesday impounded by the police and the Lagos State Traffic Management Agency (LASTMA)… Read full story CIBN To FG: Diversify Economy From Over-Reliance On Crude Oil
The Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN) on Tuesday called on the Federal Government to diversify the economy and review its policy to stir the country away from import dependence and increase non-oil revenue. A past president of the institute and keynote speaker, Mr Laoye Jaiyeola, made the call at an… Read full story COVID-19: Nasarawa Govt Begins Tracing Of 74 People Who Had Contact With Late Lawmaker
Nasarawa State Government says its response team is tracing 74 contacts of the House of Assembly member who died due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Governor Abdullahi Sule made the disclosure while speaking at the beginning of an extended security meeting on Tuesday in Lafia… Read full story CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!