A tenant was on Sunday shot dead by his landlord in Ghana for refusing to vacate the apartment after he was given quit notice some months ago, Ghanaweb, a Ghanaian online news agency, reported on Monday. The landlord, Victor Stephen Nana Kankam, according to police, shot budding musician, Spark Benjamin, at the residence in Spot M, Ofankor, Accra and was rushed to the police station with multiple injuries. He was subsequently taken to the hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival. DSP George Asare, the district police commander and his team who went to the crime scene said they saw a pool of blood and four spent shells at the entrance of the deceased apartment. “We got report that about 1:33 pm, the victim’s landlord, Victor Stephen Nana Kankam, shot the victim for refusing to vacate a room he rented from him. Police rushed the victim to Police Hospital, but he was pronounced dead on arrival,” the police said in a statement. “The district commander DSP George Asare and his team proceeded to the scene of the crime at Spot M and saw a pool of blood at the entrance of the main gate of the deceased’s rented apartment. Four spent shells were retrieved at the scene,” the police added. Meanwhile, police have arrested the landlord and two pump-action guns loaded with ammunition were said to have been retrieved from his house while the body of the victim has been deposited in the hospital mortuary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!