The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) on Tuesday demolished a distressed two-storey building located at Olaosun close, by Abati Barracks, off Western Avenue, Lagos, after failing integrity test. The Director-General of LASEMA, Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the defective building was pulled down after due diligence and outcome of several tests. He said that LASEMA Response Team in collaboration with officials from the Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA) carried out the total demolition of the defective structure. Oke-Osanyintolu said that the agencies also got approval of the state Commissioner for Physical Planning, Dr Idris Salako, to conduct the demolition. ALSO READ: The Oshiomhole, Obaseki final showdown He said that tenants were evacuated from the premises on Tuesday morning from the premises to save their lives. According to him, aside the results of exhaustive tests, the building had shown visible cracks, distress signs and several other defects which led to the distress calls. Oke-Osanyintolu said that the demolition took place to stop constituting threats to lives of occupants and surrounding property. He, however, urged members of the public to take necessary corrective action to safeguard their property and save lives. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING Pantami Used Armed Officers To Evict Our Staff, Abike Dabiri Alleges
The chairman, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has alleged that the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami used armed security men to eject NIDCOM from the offices which they occupied in the NCC building located at Mbora District… Read full story Naira Set To Rally As CBN, ABCON Finalise BDCs’ Resumption Of Forex Sale
The naira is facing its greatest risk from the COVID-19 pandemic as currency speculators continue to make spurious demand for dollar with the hope of making good returns from the rising gaps between… Read full story MONDAY LINE: Buhari’s Fifth May 29
MUHAMMADU Buhari’s first coming was from December 31, 1983 to August 27, 1985. It was a period of famine and pestilence; of queues for coins and corn and of lean liberty. His second coming will be five years old on Friday. Can he sit back and use his tongue to count his teeth? What has changed between his past… Read full story China Tells US To Stop Wasting Time In Coronavirus Battle
The US should stop wasting time in its fight against the coronavirus and work with China to combat it, rather than spreading lies and attacking the country, the Chinese Government’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, said on Sunday. The Sino-US ties have nosedived since the outbreak of the new coronavirus… Read full story The Continued Harassment Of Essential Workers
NOT a few Nigerians were miffed by the reports of arbitrary arrests and continued harassment of essential workers by the police immediately after the recent extension by the Federal Government of the partial lockdown and curfew imposed across the country to curtail the spread of the Covid-19 global pandemic. Initially,many thought that the police operatives were at it again, acting outside their briefs for pecuniary gain… Read full story SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!