Governor Bello Matawalle has started paying civil servants their May salaries to enable them to celebrate the forthcoming Eid – Fitr (Sallah). The payment of the salaries followed the Governor’s directive to the state Ministry of Finance to ensure that all the civil servants receive their salaries in time. Governor Matawalle said his administration is determined to improve the welfare of the state civil servants in appreciation of their hard work and their constant support to his administration. In a statement issued to the Tribune Online on Monday night and signed by the Director-General, Media, Yusuf Gusau remarked that civil servants are the backbone of his administration’s success, saying they deserved to be applauded and appreciated. Matawalle also assured of his government’s total commitment to the prompt payment of salaries and wages as long as he remains the governor of the state. “The recent subsidy on rice to civil servants which payment was spread in four months is another demonstration of his commitment to the workers’ welfare. Matawalle charged them to observe all the Covid-19 protocols as directed by the NCDC for the purpose of having a disease-free state. ALSO READ: Fake News is damaging credibility of COVID-19 response, PTF laments “Since the commencement of the payment, ATM Machines and other places of commercial transactions have been overwhelmed by the happy civil servants over the unexpected development, the statement declared. It could be recalled that since the inception of Governor Matawalle’s administration, the state civil servants have been receiving their salaries as at when due. “Zamfara State is the only state that paid the May 2020 salaries on the 18th of May and without any salary cuts for the purpose of improving the living standards of his workers, the statement stressed. WHO To Kick Off International Meet Amid US-China Tensions
The World Health Organization will on Monday kick off its first-ever virtual assembly, but fears abound that US-China tensions could derail the strong action needed to address the COVID-19 crisis. The World Health Assembly, which has been trimmed from the usual three weeks to just two days, Monday and Tuesday… Read full story The Coming Anti-Christ And The Africans
This is an imaginary essay. But it fits in with the economic, geopolitical and spiritual realities of our world today. By a dream-vision, I was taken to the Infernal Kingdom where I beheld Satan sitting on his throne with glittering pomp. The powers and principalities were paying obeisance to him, prostrate on the ground… Read full story How Businesses Can Thrive During Peak And Trough
Business never follows a linear path. Rather, business runs in cycles; boom and bust, peak and trough, good and bad, great and tough. However, irrespective of the cycle in which a business finds itself, the stakeholders’ expectations remain unchanged – value must be delivered to them; customers expect quality… Read full story Speaking Against Evil Is Not An Act Of Disobedience
What is good becomes bad, when it is done at the wrong time. Also, it is good to be hushed and silent, but when you are silent and still when you are to speak out, silence becomes bad. Sleep is good, but when done at the wrong time, it becomes bad. It is good to rest at home, but when you rest at home at the wrong time… Read full story Leadership: Lessons Along The Way – 2
In the course of fulfilling your life assignment, many people will be engaged in the process, for good or for ill. You will be making the greatest mistake of your life by assuming that just because people gleefully got involved with what you are doing translates to their being committed to you. Those who are committed to… Read full story NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! QUICK EJACULATION, SMALL SIZE NOW TURNED TO A LONG LASTING BIG SIZE.  BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION  WITH THIS NEW NATURAL MACHINE CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING