The president of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, has explained why the union refused to hold meeting via Zoom platform with the Federal Government’s representatives, saying such meeting would not yield any tangible result as it would be difficult to control. He gave the reason in an exclusive interview with Tribune Education on Tuesday. According to him, the Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, invited the union to a meeting in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory, as a response to their last official correspondence to him where the union rejected submission of their Bank Verification Numbers as a condition for payment of lecturers’ outstanding salaries. “But we could not go because of the current lockdown due to the raging COVID-19 pandemic in the country. And the minister then suggested that we should meet via Zoom platform. But we know that such meeting cannot yield any positive result when most of our physical meetings in the past ended in stalemate,” he said. While noting that the union is waiting for normalcy to return in the country to enable them hold the physical meeting, Ogunyemi acknowledged that government has indeed paid salaries of some members of the union, but not all. “Many of our members are yet to get their salaries as of Monday, and some of those who had even been paid were not paid in full. We are collating data to enable us know those affected,” he said. He said though that salaries are not their major demand from the government but implementation of the last Memorandum of Action to re-engineer the nation’s public university education. The ASUU president said no member of the union submitted BVN before payment of their salaries. “We knew submission of our BVN would lead to our forceful participation in the Integrated and Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) of the Federal Government and we still stand against the policy,” he declared. Ogunyemi, who teaches at the Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State, said the bursary department of each university handled the payment of their salaries using the existing records, and therefore could not understand why total compliance with the unconditional directive by President Muhammadu Buhari (to pay outstanding salaries) was not carried out.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buy and read digital replicas of your TRIBUNE titles by subscribing through E-VENDING COVID-19: Afe Babalola Offers 15-Point Prescriptions For Resumption Of Schools
The Founder and Chancellor of the flourishing Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola (SAN), has offered prescriptions on how the Federal Government can reopen schools and universities … Read full story 60-Year-Old Nigerian Woman Who Was A Nurse For 40 Years Dies Of Coronavirus In UK
An ‘exceptional’ mother-of-four nurse who devoted her life to terminally-ill children has become the latest healthcare worker to be killed by coronavirus in Britain, the Daily Mail of UK reported. Eyitolami Olaolorun had been a nurse for 40 years, most recently working at Wellington Hospital, a private centre in St John’s Wood… Read full story COVID-19: Buhari, APC Betrayed Almajarai, Poor Nigerians ― PDP
President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have completely betrayed almajarai and other downtrodden, poor and vulnerable Nigerians after using them to get into power in 2015, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged… Read full story Unpaid Salaries: Polytechnic Staff Seek Akeredolu’s Intervention
Staff of the Rufus Giwa Polytechnic, Owo, Ondo State have called on the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu to intervene in the crisis in the institution, over the non-payment of their salaries for six months by the management of the institution… Read full story I Rejected N8m To Promote Bleaching Creams, Says Ex-Big Brother Naija Housemate, Khafi Kareem
A former housemate of reality show, Big Brother Naija, Khafi Kareem, on Monday, May 11, spoke on how she rejected the sum of N8 million for promotion of bleaching creams from a company producing them. Khafi, who had a brush with her employer, the British Metropolitan Police, for taking part in the reality show and who… Read full story The Wasting Fruits Of Benue
From time, Benue has maintained its prominence of being the food basket of the nation. It simply implies that the state is blessed with arable farmland. Aside this, it also plays host to the second largest river in the country, River Benue as well as other streams that run throughout the year, thereby providing accessible… Read full story POLITICS: Predatory Politics Is The Norm Since The Passage Of Awo —Shonibare
Apart from Chief Obafemi Awolowo’s photograph being hung in the most prominent part of the wall in the main sitting room of our home and the fact that, even at primary school (Oke- Ira Primary and Preparatory School- which was the preparatory school of St Saviour’s School, Railway Compound, Ebute- Metta)… Read full story Unity Meets Industry: How Igbajo People Built Century-Old Plank Business In Ibadan
Although Bodija timber market is the headquarters for the purchase of timber in Ibadan metropolis, the Sango market could be called a mega market in terms of size, operation and system of administration. The history of Sango timber market is the history of Igbajo community in Ibadan since the 1920s. Igbajo is ancient… Read full story Infections Of The Infectious Diseases Bill
On October 5, 2018, the National Assembly passed the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control Bill, which was assented to by the President and thus became an Act on November 8, 2018. This Act is part of the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, being an Act of the National Assembly, which is comprised of representatives of… Read full story  CLICK HERE TO WORK FROM HOME WITHOUT ANY EXPERIENCE AND GET YOUR OWN STAY AT HOME PALLIATIVE. WE WILL DO IT ALL FOR YOU AND YOU WILL START EARNING  FROM TODAY, ALL PROFIT WILL BE PAID DIRECTLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. REGISTRATION WILL COST YOU NOTHING SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!