The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) said the Federal Government is working round the clock to ensure that Nigerian legal system reflects nation’s existence in view of dynamism and contemporary realities. Malami’s special assistant on media and public relations, Dr Umar Gwandu said in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Thursday that, Nigeria’s legislative and legal frameworks evolved and was developed from some inherited laws traced to the period of colonialism. ALSO READ: No negotiations over agitations for O’dua Republic, says Coalition Malami said, “Generally speaking, we are not only changing/amending the obsolete laws but coming up with new ones that are dynamic, that can stand the taste of time and that factor in dynamics associated with developments in technology and otherwise. “We will ensure that all laws that deserve to be reviewed are reviewed”, he added. It may be recalled on September 10, 2020, the Minister inaugurated members of the 9th Commission of the Nigerian Law Reform urging them to be guided by the rules and regulations as provided by Section 2 & 8 (1) of the Act. While congratulating Nigerians on the occasion of the 60th Independence Celebrations, the Minister said the government is committed to the fulfilment of its campaign promises. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. Malami This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. AGF, Malami Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. Malami In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. AGF, Malami Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!