Expectations have been set high since Ayo ‘Wizkid’ Balogun announced that his much awaited 2020 album, ’Made in Lagos’ would be released on Thursday. Gusto Entertainment also released the official tracks in the wee hours of Thursday, consisting of 14 tracks and featuring Burna Boy, H.E.R and Tems, among other A-list artistes. Wizkid fans could be awarded the most persevering set of fans. They had displayed another level of patience after the afro pop artiste had taken to his social media pages to announce the initial date of release, October 15, would be halted  because of the #EndSARS protests and other events that unfolded in the month. After the postponement, Wizkid in his usual ways of not ‘talking too much’  uploaded a tweet on his social media page that his album was dropping Thursday night. Wizkid wrote: “MadeInLagos Tonight at 11:11pm”. After the upload, lovers of Wizkid could not hide their excitement as they continued to engage the social media space with high hopes of what the album would bring. Some wrote “October was filled with so many troubles, Wizkid wants to end it with joy that his album would bring”, “Even if na breeze Wizkid sing, we will stream it”. Wizkid had earlier released two songs from the album and had been a major force in the fight against police brutality. Wizkid finally released the album yesterday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.