Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara State on Thursday called on Nigerians to be fair to one another in their behaviours and relations for the country to regain its lost glory. Speaking at a press conference, organised to mark the 60th independence anniversary of Nigeria in Ilorin on Thursday, the governor said that Nigerians can be proud of their nation only if they rise to the responsibility of fairness and goodness, emphasising that beauty of a nation is a reflection of its people. Represented by the Commissioner for Sports and Youth Development, Mrs Joana Kolo, the governor tasked Nigerians to develop the right mindset and positive attitude through which, he said, “we can build a greater and more prosperous Nigeria.” Congratulating President Muhammadu Buhari and the entire people of the country on the Diamond Jubilee anniversary, the governor charged Nigerians to continue making the best of their inheritance, adding that such is the “best we can do to honour the legacy of our founding fathers”. In her welcome address, the chairperson, Inter-Ministerial Planning Committee on 60th Independence Anniversary, and Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Sports and Youth Development, Barrister (Mrs.) Iyabo Funke Banire disclosed that this year’s independence celebration was low-key because of cCOVID-19 pandemic effects. She, however, highlighted the ceremonies held to commemorate the anniversary which included a special jum’at service, inter-denominational church service, debate and quiz organised for students of primary and secondary schools, and a press conference. Banire, who thanked God for His mercy on the country despite challenges, explained that as an individual, every Nigerian has a vital role to play in building the nation and in making it forge forward. The event also featured the presentation of gifts to top schools in both debate and quiz categories, with United L.G.E.A. Primary School, Ilorin, Crescentdeen N/P School, Ganmon, and ECWA United Primary School, Shao, in 1st, 2nd and 3rd positions respectively in the Category A, while His Grace College, Ilorin, Iqra College, Ilorin, and ST. Anthony Secondary School, Ilorin, respectively took 1st, 2nd and 3rd positions.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!