Lagos State government has released the results of this year’ s screening exam for admission into its model colleges and upgraded junior secondary schools. More than 8,000 candidates sat the exam, which is being conducted by the state’ s examinations board. The Assistant Director, Public Affairs, Lagos State Examinations Board, Mr Bakare Fatai, announced the release of the results in a statement on Friday. He asked all candidates who participated in the screening to visit the Lagos State Examinations Board’ s Portal using their serial numbers and PINs used to register for the exam to access their results He also asked candidates who could not remember the serial numbers and PINs to follow a recovery process provided on the portal home page. He however, pointed out that the admission lists are yet to be relased even as space available is limited so that successful candidates would be able to observe COVID–19 regulations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…Lagos releases results ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Lagos releases results ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice…Lagos releases results  Lagos releases results NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!