President Muhammadu Buhari has described former military Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon as “a gallant patriot whose commitment to national unity is beyond comparison in the annals of our chequered history.” In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, to mark the occasion of his 86th birthday anniversary, President Buhari remarked that “the role General Yakubu Gowon played in our political history and infrastructure development is etched in stone and cannot be rewritten.” Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media &Publicity), quoted the President as saying: “As young military officers, many of us regarded General Gowon as our role model because of his patriotism, commitment to unity and his humility.” He added: “The Nigerian civil war brought out the most brilliant qualities of General Gowon as a visionary leader who put the interest of Nigeria before his own personal interest.” He noted that “the former Head of State led a very impressive national reconciliation effort at the end of the civil war in order to heal the bitter emotional and psychological wounds of the fratricidal conflict.” President Buhari added that “General Gowon is one of the fairest leaders I have ever known who has inspired so many future leaders.” “Even in the context of Africa, many leaders in the continent draw inspiration from his adroit handling of the outcome of the civil war through his policy of ‘No Victor, No Vanquished,’” he further stated. Buhari further said: “As he marks 86 years of age, Nigerians cannot forget General Gowon’s immeasurable contributions to the unity and development of Nigeria. May God continue to bless him with more good health and the needed strength in understanding his ongoing spiritual engagements and service to humanity.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. At 86, Gowon a gallant patriot ― Buhari SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.