Osun #EndSARS protesting youths on Friday suspended their protests with two weeks ultimatum to the state governor, Gboyega Oyetola to address their demands ranging from fishing out of those behind the attack of their members during the protests in Osogbo, non-attendance to their plights during the protests, among others. Their spokesperson who identified himself as Comrade Oluwaseun Adebisi Emmanuel while addressing the protesters in Osogbo, the state capital, also charged the governor to punish those that are behind the molestation and axing of protesters last week in the state accordingly. “We are ready to shield our swords and allow peace to reign once the government is also ready to replicate the same by meeting our demands.” “We will move our protest out of the highway in order to allow commuters and motorists to use the popular Olaiya Gbangan expressway without any disturbance.” Earlier, the Commissioner for Special Duty, Honorable Olalekan Badmus, assured the angry youths that, the state government would look into their requests and would meet up with their demands. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…. Protesters suspend protest ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest… Protesters suspend protest  Protesters suspend protest ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice… Protesters suspend protest NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!