Pharmaceutical Council of Nigeria (PCN) in its bid to protect Nigerians from fake and substandard drugs sealed 448 patent medicine shops and 98 pharmacies in 10 local government areas in Oyo state. Registrar, Pharmacists Council of Nigeria (PCN), Elijah Mohammed who disclosed this at a press conference in Ibadan, said the shops were closed for offences including poor handling of controlled substances, sales and dispensing of ethical/prescription drugs without the supervision of a pharmacist, unhygienic environment and poor documentation. Mr Mohammed, represented by the Director, Inspection and Monitoring, Mrs Anthonia Aruya said during the exercise, 546 premises were inspected to ensure they meet up to the minimum acceptable standards for good pharmacy practice. She said: “A total number of 546 premises were visited by our enforcement team, comprising 98 pharmacies and 448 patent medicine shops.  A total number of 424 premises were sealed which comprises of 22 pharmacies and 402 patent medicine shops. Twelve premises were issued a compliance directive for various offences.” The registrar said it was important to ensure streamlining of the drug distribution value chain in promoting availability safe, effective and quality medicine distribution in the country. He stressed that the Federal government won’t relent in its activities aimed at sanitising the system for better pharmaceutical services delivery to the good people of Nigeria. He solicited more support for PCN to further sanitise the drug distribution in the country and asked that Nigerians check for current licenses issued by the PCN from pharmaceutical outlets that they patronise for their medicine to ensure they are safeguarded from patronising quacks.  –Sade Oguntola YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!