Hoodlums on Sunday morning broke into government food storage facility located at Kwanarwaya, near Sangere, along Numan road in Adamawa State and looted rice, noodles and other food items. Adamawa State Police Command PPRO, DSP Sulaiman Nguroje, who confirmed the incident to our reporter said, he and police team are on their way to the scene of the incident. “We have heard that hundreds of people have gathered and are looting food stuff at a storage facility in Kwanarwaya. ”We have mobilized policemen and are on our way to the scene in order to restore peace and order in the area. I will get back to you after we are through with the operation,” Nguroje said. In neighbouring Taraba, the state government has slammed curfew on Jalingo, the State capital, following the invasion of government warehouses by hoodlums on Saturday. ALSO READ: One fear dead as hoodlums loot COVID-19 palliatives in Anambra The Deputy Governor of the State, Alhaji Haruna Manu, announced the order in a state wide broadcast in Jalingo on Saturday night. Manu expressed worry that some hoodlums invaded government warehouses containing palliatives and carted away items meant for distribution to members of the public. “Some hoodlums and vandals forced their way into government warehouses and looted items meant for distribution as palliatives. “The government has therefore imposed a curfew on Jalingo from 11 p.m on Saturday to 8 a.m. on Monday. “After this period, the government may decide to review the situation; our intention is to forestall further breakdown of law and order,” he said. He directed security operatives to ensure strict compliance with the order, warning, “we cannot allow the situation to degenerate.” The deputy governor urged youths in the state to channel their energies into meaningful ventures capable of promoting societal growth. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!