Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika has stated that payment of N50,400 barcode is no longer a requirement to board airlines coming to Nigeria. At a ceremony in Abuja, Sirika also disclosed that Nigeria would double the present number of airports before June 2023. Sirika who spoke on the complaints of Nigerians returning home from abroad are required to the amount for a barcode said it “is a proof that you’ve paid for a test that will be conducted on you upon your arrival in Nigeria. “And it is no longer a requirement for you to board an aeroplane. The national coordinator explained this severally during the twice a week in week press briefings on COVID-19 pandemic. He insisted, however, that his ministry was not in charge of the barcode even though it happens inside the airport. ALSO READ: Ex-Army General loses N8bn suit against Lagos, NJC on alleged unlawful land seizure “This is a matter for Port Health Department and Nigeria has taken certain bold steps to prevent the prevalence of COVID-19 which kills people and economy. The test is a decision of Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 which involve every government agency. It is not unique to Nigeria. So, the N50,400 is for a second COVID-19 test in Nigeria.” On the inclusion of Abeokuta airstrip development in the 2021 budget, Sirika it was just one of the many airstrips and airports that will be constructed before the end of the administration. “Since this administration came in, we drew up our roadmap to try to our civil aviation and air transportation in general and it has been paying dividends. Aviation has become the fastest-growing sector of the economy of Nigeria today. “We understand the principles and the importance of air connectivity for families and friends, hospitals and patients, schools and students, business and business, nation and nation, culture and culture, tradition and tradition, history and history.” Saying that aviation is a very important sector that gingers the economy, the minister said “we believe that investment in this sector will do very well for our economy. “We understand the importance of aviation infrastructure as a critical component for the working of our economy and national security assets.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!