THE Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT), Zaria said it has obtained the approval of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) and the  National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) to resume training activities post COVID-19 lockdown. The College which has since commenced phased resumption of training activities on Monday, October 12, 2020, stated that it’s activities will enhance safety and training measures in line with it’s COVID-19 prevention/control procedures manual. To ensure maximum safety and comfort of trainees at the college, some precautions and measures were adopted to prevent the spread and transmission of COVID-19 virus. Such precaution and measures include: development of COVID-19 prevention/control procedures manual (NCOVID-19PM) in line with the recommendations of the NCAA, NBTE, Federal Ministry of Health, and World Health Organization (WHO) and regular, well-supervised, and documented cleaning and disinfection of aircraft, simulators, trainers, training equipment, classrooms, briefing rooms, aircraft hangars, hostels, cafeteria and other training facilities in strict compliance with the NCOVID-19PM and NCDC recommendations. Other measures according to the school include: health screenings of all students on arrival at the college’s Aeromedical Center, provision of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) for all trainees and staff as well as enforcing the mandatory use of face masks during trainings and in public spaces with provision of hand washing and hand sanitizing points at multiple locations within the College premises. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!