NO fewer than 80 ulama and imams have converged on Kaduna, Kaduna State, for a workshop on the Islamic perspective on COVID-19 and climate change. At the opening of a two-day workshop organised by the Jama’atul Tajdidil Islamiy, in conjunction with the Kaduna State University, the national coordinator of the group, Sheikh Abubakar Mujahid, said: “We decided to organise this workshop following the recent outbreak of the COVID-19. “Muslims were shocked when state and federal governments announced suspension of congregational prayers and closure of mosques. “Even clerics that were supposed to provide guide to their followers were confused. It was for this reason that we invited about 80 ulama and imams from the 19 Northern states.” Mujahid said the purpose of the workshop was to throw more light on the effects of climate change and pandemics on the people. He said: “Islam has provided answers to COVID-19 and other related pandemics and phenomena like climatic change, flooding and desertification. “We don’t want to see this type of confusion with our clerics again. We believe that after the workshop, the participants will have learnt more on how to cope with emerging existential situations.” Professor Mohammed Al’ameen of the Department of Geography, Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna, stated that the workshop would serve as eye-opener for the ulama on the effects of climate change and assist them to educate their followers through their sermons. He said the participants would also be afforded the opportunity to develop action plans for the conveyance of the message. The vice chancellor of the Kaduna State University, Professor Mohammad Tanko, who was represented by the Deputy Director, University Advancement, Dr Haruna Jae, said dissemination of knowledge and creating awareness on the COVID-19 pandemic were part of the ideals of the university. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party….Islamic scholars  Islamic scholars The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Islamic scholars  Islamic scholars  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Islamic scholars  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.