The #EndSARS protests around Lagos did not exempt sensitive places like the Murtala Muhammed International airport. The #EndSARS protesters in large numbers gained access through Oshodi to the Tollgate at the international wing of the airport to disrupt operations. They were only able to get to the Tollgate where they blocked vehicular movement as further efforts to enter the main airport was frustrated by the presence of law enforcement agents within the airport. Vehicular and human movement was halted for the period the protesters stayed at the Tollgate. Due to their inability to march through the international wing of the local airport, the protesters made their way back to town through the Oshodi axis.   SEE VIDEO HERE:    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Maintain Buhari, Osinbajo With N12.3 Billion In 2021 DESPITE paucity of funds leading to plans by the Federal Government to borrow additional N4.2 trillion in 2021, both  President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have asked the National Assembly to approve N3.227  billion for them to travel during… MONDAY LINES: The End Of SARS YOU know if I shoot you, nothing will happen. The highest anyone will do is cry justice on Twitter,” Lagos-based entrepreneur Samuel Otigba told CNN that he got that threat live and direct from a SARS operative. He said his offence was his refusal to pay bribe to the officers… 5 Things To Know About The Dissolution Of SARS — Police he Nigerian Police Force(NPF) have bowed to the pressure and demand of Nigerians to ban a unit of the force, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) on Sunday. Recall that protests from youth have been ongoing across the states of the country and Nigerians in diaspora have also joined in the struggle to end the police unit… Amnesty International Demands Prosecution Of Officers Involved In Extrajudicial Killings, Human Rights Abuse As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights… SARS Has Outlived Its Usefulness, Lasting Solution Must Be Found ― Pastor Bakare Pastor Tunde Bakare, the presiding pastor of Citadel Global Community Church, formerly called Latter Rain Assembly, on Sunday said SARS, an arm of Nigeria police created to combat armed robbery incidents in the country has outlived its usefulness, declaring that a lasting solution must be found towards a more holistic and fundamental…    SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!