The United States Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, Tibor Nagy, has lent voice to the ongoing #EndSARS protest in the country via his Twitter handle @AsstSecStateAF on Thursday. In his message, the Assistant Secretary stated that he stands with young people in the country who have been peacefully protesting to stem police brutality & abuses. He said: “I stand with the young people of Nigeria, including our @WashFellowship Alum @Harrisonbbi18, who have been peacefully protesting to #EndSARS and stem police brutality & abuses. Their pursuit of a future filled with peace, unity, & accountability is a noble one the U.S. supports. “A swift and thorough investigation into the multiple deaths and injuries of all #EndSARS peaceful protestors is needed. The #EndSARS violence and abuses must end now in order for all levels of reform to truly take place.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. My Convoy Was Attacked By Political Thugs Not Protesting Youths — Oyetola Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola has said that, he was attacked by thugs and not protesting youths. In his broadcast to the people of the state this morning in Osogbo, the governor alleged that… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!