President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with the family of Yar’Adua on the passing of Hajiya Rabi, mother-in-law of his late friend and classmate, General Shehu Musa Yar’Adua, describing her demise as a sad loss. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Saturday said the President, who was in Kaduna on Saturday for the graduation ceremonies of the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) took time away from official schedule to visit the Yar’Adua family house where he was received by Hajiya Binta Yar’Adua, the late General’s widow and daughter of the deceased. President Buhari said the late Hajiya Rabi lived a useful life worthy of emulation, leaving behind an indelible mark in the lives of the many who came close to her. He prayed to Allah to accept her good deeds. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. #OndoDecides2020: Reports Of Violence Handiwork Of Weak Candidates ― Jimoh Ibrahim Business mogul and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr Jimoh Ibrahim has explained that reports of the pre-election violence that marred the Ondo State governorship election were the creation of weak opposition parties in the state. IPPIS: Buhari’s Statement Not Targeted At Us ― ASUU The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said it is confident that President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement that no enrol on Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) was directed at ASUU members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!