The Speaker of the Edo State House of Assembly, Hon. Frank Okiye, was on Monday morning impeached. Okiye’s impeachment notice was signed by nine out of the 10-member Assembly. Though details of what led to the impeachment are still sketches, Tribune Online gathered that Okiye would have been removed last week but for the last-minute intervention by Governor Godwin Obaseki. The Edo Assembly, as it is presently constituted, is made up seven Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, embers and three All Progressive Congress, APC, members. ALSO READ: PENCOM staff join opposition against new board 14 other members-elect stayed off the inauguration of the House on June 17, 2019, when Governor Obaseki issued the proclamation for the inauguration of the legislative arm. While the 14 others had on August 6, 2020, inaugurated themselves in a private residence at Ugbor GRA, of the state capital, Benin, where they elected Victor Edoror as the speaker. Okiye, it would be recalled, had week decamped to the PDP alongside six other members, while the remaining three members, who participated in the June 2019 inauguration remain in the APC. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. Edo Assembly  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness. Edo Assembly  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!