The State Working Committee of the Kwara State council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has condemned reported attack on a privately own tabloid in the state; National Pilot Newspaper, attack on Saraki-owned newspaper owned by Senator Bukola Saraki. The attack on Saraki-owned newspaper outfit, located along Asa Dam Road, Ilorin was on Friday. The statement which condemned the attack on Saraki-owned newspaper was jointly signed by the Council’s chairman, Mallam Umar Abdulwahab, and the Secretary, Deacon Tayo Ayanda, condemned the attack, describing it as uncivilized attack targeted on Free Press which will not allow democracy and good governance to thrive. ALSO READ: #COVID-19 palliative: NSCDC foils attempt to vandalise 5th warehouse in Benin The statement added that the council is also shocked by the wanton destruction of property and attack on government and private facilities by rampaging residents despite measures earlier put in place by the state government, the State Command of Nigeria Police and Emir of Ilorin to avert such. The council, however, praised the state government for taking a proactive measures to contain the situation from degenerating further. The council urged journalists in the state to tread with caution while carrying out their legitimate duties. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt Lists 24 Policemen Under Criminal Prosecution Lagos State government has unveiled a list of 21 ongoing cases where its officers are currently prosecuting criminal cases against erring policemen that trampled on the fundamental human rights of Lagosians. The State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), made this known in a release made available from his… Stolen Rice From Lagos Warehouse Not From Humanitarian Ministry ― Authorities Authorities of Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on Friday affirmed that the consignment of stolen rice from a Lagos warehouse was not the Ministry. Special Adviser on Media to the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development… Why Nigeria Can’t Live In Peace ―Femi Adesina Presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina has spoken on the recent violence in Nigeria, opining that the reason Nigeria has not experienced peace is due to hatred. In a statement he released on Thursday, ‘If Nigeria dies, hatred killed her,’ President Buhari’s Special Adviser, Media and Publicity… We Have Received Allegation Of Shooting Of Protesters In Nigeria, Says International Criminal Court The International Criminal Court on Thursday spoke on the Tuesday’s shooting of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos State, saying it has received information about the incident. The shooting has attracted global outrage against the Nigerian authorities. The number of deaths from the incident is yet to be… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!