The Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, on Friday, called on #EndSARS protesters in the state to put an end to their protests in order to further prevent the needless deaths that were recorded during the protests. In a statement by the state’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, the police commissioner said youths must put an end to the protests so that miscreants and disgruntled elements who had hijacked the peaceful protests would not continue to wreak havoc on innocents residents of the state. Fadeyi said: “The Commissioner of Police, Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, has been moved with deep concern that despite repeated pleas and advice to the EndSARS protesters, traditional rulers, religious leaders, leaders of thought that miscreants/disgruntled elements would hijack the protests and capitalize on the situation to unleash mayhem on innocent citizens, it is clear that all that was envisaged have actually come to pass, including undue hardships and needless deaths meted out to some police officers/innocent citizens in Oyo State. “Consequent upon this, the CP wishes to further implore genuine protesters to yield to the plea of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency, Muhamadu Buhari, GCFR and the Oyo State Governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde, to stop the protests forthwith to prevent needless deaths occasioned by the activities of miscreants who are using it as an opportunity to carry out coordinated attacks. “The CP wishes to inform the general public that, due to the incessant attacks on the police stations and police personnel, some arms and ammunition have been carted away by hardened criminals. “This act is extremely dangerous and can be inimical to our general safety and co-operate existence, and in lieu of this, he wishes to plead with all and sundry within and outside Ibadan metropolis to be on the lookout for that enemy of progress to promptly report any group/individual who are not police/military/other security agencies personnel in possession of such arms and ammunition and report to the nearest police station or other sister security agencies immediately for recovery and necessary action. “In conclusion, the CP wishes to continue to advise parents/guardians and all stakeholders to warn their children/wards to desist from acts that can lead to the breakdown of law and order and wanton destructions to lives and property. “He equally assures the good people of Oyo State to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of threats or molestation from any quarters as the military and other sisters security agencies are complementing the efforts of the police to bring about sanity in the state.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…Stop further protests  Stop further protests ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Stop further protests  Stop further protests ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice…Stop further protests NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!