CROWN Flour Mill Ltd, makers of Mama Gold Flour, has reiterated its commitment to continuous production of quality flour. Its premium flour product is specially formulated to meet the needs of bakers as well as other users of its wheat derivative products. The leading flour millergave this assurancewhile marking the2020 edition of the World Bread Day. The company specifically assured bakers that it would continue to produce high-quality flour, made from only the finest ingredients and backed by itsworld class production process. Ashish Pande, Managing Director, Crown Flour Mill Limited, said, “Bread is an important food staplewhich is consumed in every part of the country. The Bread production industry is also a veritable source of employment, as evidenced by the job it creates for bakers, hawkers and several others in the value chain. Our commitment to the production of high-quality vitamin fortified flour is underscored by the need to ensure that Nigerians consume highly nourishing and nutritious loaves of bread and pastry in general.” According to him, Crown Flour Mill Ltd is committed to helping bakers meet the ever-growing demand for bread. He projected a further increase in the consumption of bread based on forecasts about an increase in Nigeria’s population. Speaking on the company’s flour products, Pande said: “Our Mama Gold Flour brand, is the   highest performing flour brand in the Nigerian market today. It is regarded as the delight of bakers as it consistently delivers the highest water absorption and highest yield rate during the process of baking bread. Bakers that use Mama Gold flour give the feedback that consumers express satisfaction with the taste of the bread that they bake. This assured quality, ensures that bakers maintain market competitiveness as well as meet the demand of the Nigerian consumers for high quality and affordable bread.” He extended his company’s felicitation to Nigerian bakers andreiterated the company’s resolve to continuously support Nigerian bakers through initiatives that will enhance the growth of their businesses. The World Bread Daycoincides with the World Food Day and is an international observance celebrated annually on October 16. It was initiated by the International Union of Bakers and Confectioners.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.