As part of efforts geared toward ending the menace of ghost workers in the civil service, President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday threatened that only Federal staff who have so far been captured on the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) will receive salary going forward. President Buhari issued the threat notice, during the presentation of the 2021 budget proposal to the joint session of the National Assembly. He expressed optimism that the “ongoing IPPIS verification exercise has closed gaps that encourage ghost workers or pensioners.” He observed that personnel cost is still our largest single item of expenditure, adding that “in the seven months to 31st July 2020, it accounted for 34 percent of total Federal Government spending and is projected at 33 percent of 2021 expenditure. ALSO READ: Baruwa gas explosion: Sanwo-Olu commiserates with victims’ families “To check the incidence of payments to non-existent personnel and unauthorised allowances, only Federal staff that have been captured on the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) platform will receive salaries. “All agencies have been directed to ensure that they obtain all necessary approvals before embarking on any fresh recruitment. “Any breach of these directives will be severely sanctioned,” he warned. President Buhari also reiterated the present administration’s resolve towards implementing measures that are necessary for sustainable public finance, better allocation of our scarce resources and improved public service delivery. According to him, while implementing these reforms, Federal Government will also implement social safety nets to cushion the effect of the most vulnerable of our citizens as well as business owners. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!