Health Advocates have said that the measures taken to overcome the COVID-19 pandemic are threatening the achievement of a number of health targets in Nigeria, including putting an end to severe acute malnutrition in the country. A recent virtual conference organized by the International Society of Media in Public Health (ISMPH) brought together experts in the field who commented that Nigeria’s campaign to end severe acute malnutrition urgently needs accurate and balanced reporting about the issues that are impeding progress. During the Covid-19 lockdown, many hospitals suspended breastfeeding counseling products, which has negatively affected Nigeria’s target to reduce malnutrition in children under five. This resulted in a wave of rumors and misinformation across the country about the nature of the virus, placing a strain on achieving the targets related to exclusive breastfeeding. The provision of general health information has also been placed in jeopardy. “With healthcare facilities focused on the coronavirus, it has been more difficult for people to distinguish between genuine information and falsehoods, even when it comes to general nutrition and supplements,” commented Zackary Stewart from supplementscouts.com. While severe acute malnutrition affects around 2.5 million children under 5 in Nigeria, the government is continuing to slash funds for the country’s nutritional programs.  For instance, this year the government made further cuts to the budgetary allocation for Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Food (RUTF). According to UNICEF, RUTF can help to treat children with severe acute malnutrition at the community level, with a 95 percent cure rate. It is hoped that critical and balanced reporting by journalists can place pressure on the government to stop such budget cuts in the future. “Good journalism backed with research can help in countering several false information spreading especially during this COVID-19 era,” said Moji Makajuonla, the ISMPH executive director. “A stronger sense of advocacy journalism is necessary. Achieving development outcomes call for a commitment to advocacy and an activist mindset by the media professionals”, said Adebayor Fayoyin, a professor of mass communication at Caleb University in Lagos. “This calls for media professionals who will use their platforms and skills to promote health and nutrition outcomes.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Maintain Buhari, Osinbajo With N12.3 Billion In 2021 DESPITE paucity of funds leading to plans by the Federal Government to borrow additional N4.2 trillion in 2021, both  President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have asked the National Assembly to approve N3.227  billion for them to travel during… MONDAY LINES: The End Of SARS YOU know if I shoot you, nothing will happen. The highest anyone will do is cry justice on Twitter,” Lagos-based entrepreneur Samuel Otigba told CNN that he got that threat live and direct from a SARS operative. He said his offence was his refusal to pay bribe to the officers… 5 Things To Know About The Dissolution Of SARS — Police he Nigerian Police Force(NPF) have bowed to the pressure and demand of Nigerians to ban a unit of the force, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) on Sunday. Recall that protests from youth have been ongoing across the states of the country and Nigerians in diaspora have also joined in the struggle to end the police unit… Amnesty International Demands Prosecution Of Officers Involved In Extrajudicial Killings, Human Rights Abuse As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights… SARS Has Outlived Its Usefulness, Lasting Solution Must Be Found ― Pastor Bakare Pastor Tunde Bakare, the presiding pastor of Citadel Global Community Church, formerly called Latter Rain Assembly, on Sunday said SARS, an arm of Nigeria police created to combat armed robbery incidents in the country has outlived its usefulness, declaring that a lasting solution must be found towards a more holistic and fundamental… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!