Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Ibadan, Oyo State, has ended the six-year-old union between a couple, Alimot Onaolapo and her husband, Biliaminu Onaolapo on the accounts of neglect and irresponsibility by the defendant. He was also accused of being diabolic. The court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, pronounced their wedlock dissolved after he observed that their relationship was irreconcilable due to the strain in it. Odunade put the two children produced by their union in the plaintiff’s custody and ordered the defendant to pay N10,000 every month as their feeding allowance. He was also instructed to be in charge of their education and health service whenever the needs arise. Alimot in her evidence said: “My lord, despite being a graduate, my husband has succeeded in making a mess of my life. “Biliaminu is shameless. He consistently passed his responsibility to my parents. “He failed to take care of me when I was pregnant with our first and second children. “He didn’t give me a dime for ante-natal care while it was my mother who paid my medical fee before I was discharged, the two times I put to bed. “I had complications during the birth of our second child and an injection which cost N80,000 was given to me. My husband paid only N30,000 out of this while my mother paid the balance. “He refused to make a refund to my mother till she died. “Biliaminu loves to show-off and give a false impression about himself. Though he said he didn’t have money to pay my medical bills, he threw a big party twice when we held our children’s naming ceremonies. “My husband neglected me and our children and made our welfare the duty of my parents. Our children grew to know their father as being irresponsible and a liar. “Any time he had money, he would hide it in his wardrobe. Our children had caught him doing that on a number of times,” the plaintiff explained. “Biliaminu is diabolic. I once caught him calling my parents’ names around 1:00 am in the night and at another time he rubbed a substance into my head while I was sleeping. “Any time my parents set up a business for me, he would curse that it would not prosper and this would go bankrupt,” she added. “My husband is heartless and an ingrate. He never deemed it fit to pay my mother a visit while on sick bed in the hospital for four months. “He also refused to attend events in my family. “I moved out of his house with our children to my parents place when I could no longer bear with his atrocities,” Alimot stated. “My lord, I pray this court to reconcile us for the sake of our children,” Biliaminu begged the court. “I paid N60,000 out of the N80, 000 demanded by the hospital while her parents supported us with only N20,000. “It was my friends who sponsored our children’s naming ceremony and Alimot knows this. “I’m surprised that my wife stated that I’m irresponsible after I rented a shop for her and filled it with goods. “My lord, I took care of her and our children to the best of my ability. I paid the house rent and our children’s school fees. I was the one that bought the slippers she’s wearing. “I gave her money to buy bread and beans for breakfast when leaving home the day she left my home. “I was informed by one of our neighbours that she was moving out. I took an okada and rushed home. “She held my suit and later pulled me with my tie when I tried to stop her from leaving. “Alimot kept boasting and cursing when I went to plead with her parents to help us settle our differences. “My lord, I plead that you help us resolve our differences because I don’t intend having a second wife, “Biliaminu pleaded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.