The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Ahmed Idris Wase, has appealed to the #EndSARS protesters to give the government a chance to implement their demands. Hon. Wase expressed worry over the attack on protesters particularly at the Lekki tollgate in Lagos, Ahmadu Bello way in Jos and in other parts of the country. In a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Mohammed Puma, the Deputy Speaker called for justice for all victims of the recent attacks and also urged protesters to give peace a chance. He also appealed to Nigerians to remain calm and law-abiding, adding that the Federal Government and the National Assembly will do everything within its powers to ensure that the demands of the protesters are meant. He called on the police and other security agencies to secure the lives and property of all Nigerians, saying: “The federal and state governments, along with the law enforcement agencies, should immediately identify, arrest and prosecute the hoodlums orchestrating and unleashing violence against the peaceful #EndSARS protests.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Wase urges calm FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Wase urges calm Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!