Ahead Saturday governorship election in Ondo State, national chairman of the Action Democratic Party (ADP), Engineer Yabagi Yusuf Sani, has dismissed media report that his party’s candidate, Prince Martin Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi has stepped down for the candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Eyitayo Jegede. Addressing newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday, Engineer Sani described the report in certain national dailies as malicious. The ADP chairman who alleged that the PDP was the mastermind of the misinformation said Prince Olateru-Olagbegi remained the candidate to beat in the race for the Oduduwa House. “Gentlemen of the press, I wish to draw your attention to a malicious statement sponsored by some self-seeking political jobbers, who purportedly reported that the ADP alongside nine other participating political parties have withdrawn from the governorship race in Ondo State to support the PDP candidate. “The ADP considers this statement as a ploy, malicious and untrue. We condemn this falsehood in its strongest term and warn these visionless hungry politicians and their sponsors to issue a rebuttal or face litigation. This is not their first attempt as it has become a common trend in their futile exercise to deceive members of the public in order to market their unpopular candidate. “And of course, we know those behind these unfortunate plots. The PDP is behind this toxic idea because the statement emanated from their state secretariat in Akure. “Let me state for the records that we have never contemplated, neither have we discussed with anyone that we intend to go into alliance with any political party. We wish to inform the great people of Ondo State that ADP haven’t withdrawn, and shall not withdraw from the Ondo State governorship race. “Our candidate, Prince Martin Kunle Olateru-Olagbegi, a loyal party member, patriotic Nigerian and an international figure, is still very much in the race to occupy the Oduduwa House, come 10th October 2020 by the grace of God. “We shall not take this falsehood with a pint of salt and we urge our party men, women, supporters and the good people of Ondo State to remain unshaken and vote for the ADP. “The ADP campaign machinery in Ondo State have been properly oiled and is waxing very strong, permeating every nook and cranny of the state to engage with the people. Little wonder, some other political parties have become jittery and will stop at nothing other than engaging in deception and rhetoric. “We, therefore, urge our members not to panic but remain committed and resolute in order to tame this monster of callousness.” The ADP chairman who applauded the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC for conducting a transparent election in Edo State further appealed to the electoral umpire to repeat the feat recorded in the South-South state in Ondo State. “Finally, while we commend INEC for performing its statutory role in conducting a rancour-free poll in Edo State, we wish to call on the Commission to continue to play the role of an unbiased umpire by ensuring that all the participating political parties are guaranteed a level playing field to test their popularity. “We also call on President Muhammadu Buhari to direct the security agencies to abide by the rules of engagement and remain civil in their dealings during the election so as not to molest or intimidate innocent voters, thereby disenfranchising the people.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!