Piqued by massive looting that characterised Plateau State in the past three days, the State Government has designated 7 Courts for the prosecution of 307 suspects so far arrested at various locations where the looting took place. Addressing newsmen after State Security Council meeting, the Secretary to the State Government Professor Danladi Atu said security agencies have been mandated to embark on a massive manhunt for the arrest of looters and ensure materials were recovered. Professor Atu who said there are still threats to attack other public and private businesses, as well as individuals, added that the State Security Council agreed to further fortify all check-points in Jos South and Jos North Local Government Areas to give effect to the curfew imposed. He warned members of the public from consuming some of the looted food items adding that some of them were dangerous for human consumption as they had been chemically treated for preservation. “The Council also encouraged the sustenance of all channels of engagement and dialogue with youth groups, community leaders, professional bodies, associations and traditional rulers to foster more understanding that will lead to a de-escalation of the current situation”. ALSO READ: Lagos Assembly set up committee to assess level of damage, offer suggestions The Secretary to the State Goverment restated that there was no hoarding of palliatives as the looted items were delivered to the State by the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development just before the #ENDSARS protests began which made it difficult for the distribution to commence before the sad looting and destruction of the warehouses. He further advised members of the public to be wary of propaganda and disinformation that is perpetrated through the social media to incite the people against the government and encourage chaos adding that no society can exist without law and order. Atu said properties looted and vandalized as at 26th October 2020 include: SEMA Warehouse (Old Nitel Bukuru), PRUWASSA, PADP (Dogon Dutse Jos), Mineral Museum (Angul D, Bukuru), ASTC Vom, Plateau Publishing Company, SUBEB (Dogon Dutse), Government Technical College Bukuru, Ryom Local Government Secretariat, School of Home Economics Vom, Jos foods, Jos Trade Fair (Polo), Private Residence of former Speaker, Rt. Hon. Yakubu Dogara. Others such as Grand Cereals Bukuru, State and Federal Secretariats. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!