Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has appointed Professor Tor Joe Iorapuu as the new vice-chancellor of the Benue State University. According to a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Anthony Ijoho, Governor Samuel Ortom said he had received the council report submitted by the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of the University’s Governing Council in respect to the selection process of the next vice-chancellor. The SSG said that the Chairman of the Governing Council of the university had earlier transmitted names of the three best candidates as required by the university law to the visitor to complete the process of appointing a new vice chancellor for the Benue State University, Makurdi. The statement listed the names of the best three candidates to include Prof. Tor Joe Iorapuu, Prof. Edward Omudu and Prof. Terhule Vitalis. The statement reads in part: “In line with His Excellency’s policy to recognise merit, the candidate who came first has been appointed. His Excellency has therefore approved the appointment of Prof. Joe Tor Iorapuu as Vice-Chancellor, Benue State University, Makurdi.” Tribune Online reports that with his appointment, Professor Iorapuu is to succeed the outgoing Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Msugh Kembe whose tenure expires next month. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!