It is the responsibility of everyone in the society to protect the girl-child from gender violence and abuse, this has been said. This was the submission of participants at a stakeholders meeting organised by Hope for Second Chance Foundation (HOSEIC) to fight sexual abuse, recently held at the Social Development Staff Training Centre, Samonda, Ibadan. The Oyo State Commissioner For Women Affairs and Social Inclusion, Alhaja Faosat Joke Sanni,  in her address at the programme disclosed that “from March till date the state had recorded a total of 66 cases of rape survivors from between the ages of 1 and 16 years. “There is a need for a coordinated approach to combat all forms of Sexual and Gender Based Violence (SGBV) in our society,” Sanni said, adding that, her ministry had zero tolerance to rape, and Oyo State, through her ministry had set in motions plans to combat the menace. The convener of the programme who is also the founder of HOSEIC, Ibukun Otesile, in her opening remarks stated that: Child’s protection was eveybody’s business. “That is the reason we organised this stakeholder meeting. We are all stakeholders, whether you are a parent or not, whether you are male or female.There is nobody who does not have relationship with women.” Also speaking at the event, a deputy director with the Directorate of Research and External Relations, Tai Solarin University of Education, Dr Adefunke Ekine, stated that: “I have had an opportunity to work with children for 25 years. Violation and inequality of the girl-child starts from the primary school. “We just conducted a research with 29 primary schools and recorded 47 sexual harassment issues among primary 4 and 6 pupils amounting to 47. 1 per cent in six states. “We worked with over a thousand children and discovered that some children were even abusing each other. The rate of sexual abuse in primary schools is alarming and calls for immediate action. “We must all work together to eradicate this menace. We should train our children both boys and girls to respect and value each other.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!