Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the Nigerian government will get justice for all victims of Tuesday night’s killings of #EndSARS protesters in Lekki, Lagos State. Recall that protesting youths were allegedly shot at and killed by security operatives at the Lekki Toll Gate on Tuesday. This occurred after the Lagos State government declared a curfew in the state following the hijack of #EndSARS protests by some angry youths. But Osinbajo said that the losses recorded during the hijack of the nationwide protests were “irreplaceable”. Osinbajo stated this in a series of tweets he posted at 11:35pm on Wednesday, more than twenty-four hours after the incident took place. While noting that he had spoken to some of the injured victims who are receiving treatment in the hospital, the vice president also commiserated with other victims including ordinary citizens and policemen who got attacked during the protests in the state and other states of the federation. Osinbajo said: “My heart goes out to all the victims of the Lekki shootings, and also the policemen and all other men and women who lost their lives in the past few days in different parts of Lagos & other states. “I spoke to some of those in hospital. The pain of these terrible events is palpable in our towns and cities, and some losses are irreplaceable, but we can and will get justice for all of them. I stand with Lagos & all other affected states in these trying times. “We pray we will never see a repeat of these tragedies in Jesus name. God bless you all.” My heart goes out to all the victims of the Lekki shootings, and also the  policemen and all other men and women who lost their lives in the past few days in different parts of Lagos & other states. — Prof Yemi Osinbajo (@ProfOsinbajo) October 21, 2020   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC).  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!