Plateau State Governor, Simon Lalong has said that the surest way the state can return to the centre stage in the world of sports is the revival of polo sports in the state. The Governor who spoke in Jos during his investiture as the grand patron of Jos Polo club said that involving more people in the sports will boost the economic development of the state. The event organised by NASCO group as part of activities to celebrate Nigeria’s 60th Independence Day anniversary also featured road cycling and Taekwando among others. Lalong assured the club that the polo club will be rehabilitated very soon as the government has made arrangements to get a permanent venue for trade fair which usually held at the polo field. He commended Nasco Group of companies for continued sponsorship of polo game as well as many other causes in the State. The Governor said “In the past, many people all over the world used to converge in Plateau because of polo sports and the economy was better for it. “Let us work for a more prosperous Plateau. We will move the state trade fair here (Jos polo) to a permanent site to enable for the development of the Jos polo club.” President of Jos Polo Club, Alhaji Murtala Laushi said they decided to crown the governor as the grand patron of the club because of his outstanding performance since he assumed office in 2015 The Chairman of NASCO group, Dr Attia Nasreddin said that the 60th independence anniversary offered the citizens a unique opportunity hence the decision of the company to “connect and celebrate with our fans, patrons, friends, customers, consumers and stakeholders” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded.  #OndoDecides2020: Pandemonium In Akure Polling Unit As Gunmen Disrupt Voting Pandemonium erupted in Akure on Saturday morning, as gun-wielding men suspected to be political thugs invaded a polling unit located at unit 4, ward 4, Ijomu/Obanla, in Akure South Local Government Area of the state. COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!