Now that the Big Brother Naija show is over, the ex-housemates are now outside the house and must have started watching videos of themselves, and read comments people made about some of their actions while in the house. Since the housemates left the house, there have been declarations and clarifications from them about some of their actions in the house, as they go about their media rounds, answering questions from the press, especially on some of their actions while in the house which were really controversial. One of these acts was one of the ex-housemates, Neo Akpofure seen on camera while in the house washing fellow housemate and intimate friend, Vee’s underwear. This drew a lot of comments from viewers as many felt it was wrong, many thought it was funny, just as many saw nothing bad in what he did. Neo while answering a question pushed to him by the press, has, however, come out to make some clarifications about that particular act in the house, as he said he never washed Vee’s underwear, according to the Delta state-born model, he only rinsed it. “This is 2020… apart from dance, I know how to express my feelings, that day I no wash the pant, I rinse am”, he said. Neo’s hilarious answer has however caused a lot of reactions from lovers of the show as they told him to own the fact that he washed the underwear, as there was no difference between washing and rinsing. “Don’t complicate matters, just accept say you wash. Rinsing is part of washing”, a user said. Another user said: “But what is the difference? When you can wash plates, what is in washing pants?” What do you guys think about this? Lol   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!