THE Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, has re-emphasised the resolve of the Federal Government, through the Ministry, to  continually advance the digital economy agenda of the country. Pantami stated this while delivering a keynote address at the maiden edition of the  National Dialogue on Telecoms and Information and Communications Technology (ICT)   Sector in Nigeria held at the NAF Conference Centre & Suites, Abuja late last week. The event was organised by the Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria   (ATCON) in collaboration with other industry stakeholders. Represented by Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, the Executive Vice Chairman of the   Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), the Minister said the event with the theme:  ‘Harnessing the Digital Resources for the Building of Our National Economy’ and sub-themes lined up for discussions, were apt and timely, given the increased reliance of   individuals and businesses on digital platforms to carry out their activities. Pantami stated that the digital economy journey started by the Ministry, following  the President’s approval in 2019, culminated in the development of an eight-pillar National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy (NDEPS) with a view to providing a more  coordinated and enhanced national policy direction for transforming Nigeria’s economy into a truly digital economy. “The telecoms and ICT sector stand to gain a lot from the development of our digital economy and the public and private sector need to come on board to maximise the impact on the entire economy,” the Minister said. However, speaking in his capacity as the EVC of NCC and lead presenter at the second   panel session on the theme: “National Funding and Investment Strategy for Broadband   Infrastructure and Digital Economy”, Danbatta focussed on what the Commission had   done in the last five years, especially in stimulating the development of resilient   ICT infrastructure and the benefits these regulatory efforts have brought to the   economy. Situating his presentation in the context of ‘Nigeria’s Telecom Sector: Yesterday,   Today and Tomorrow,’ Danbatta explained that access gaps in the country have been   reduced from 217 in 2015 to 114. Meanwhile, the EVC has urged telecoms operators in the country to settle the huge   interconnect debts being owed by various industry operators, noting that this should  be resolved in the wider interest of the industry. Danbatta said the   “interconnectivity indebtedness valued at over N70 billion is a big challenge to   infrastructure expansion and inimical to healthy competition”, which are needed for   facilitating digital economy in Nigeria. Earlier in his welcome address, Mr Olusola Teniola, president of ATCON, said the   national dialogue was targeted at harnessing the digital resources in the country    with a view to optimising innovative ideas to effectively pursue the digital economy   agenda of the Federal Government.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.