Former Commissioner for Home Affairs in Lagos State, Dr AbdulHakeem AbdulLateef has resigned his membership of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state over the rejection of his 2023 governorship ambition. AbdulLateef made this known in his first ever independence day speech noting that his resignation was prompted by the rejection of his movement by some “close leaders” of the party whom he respected. AbdulLateef who was a lawmaker and also served under former Governor Akinwunmi Ambode between 2015 and 2019 recently launched ‘Iyepe 2023’, a movement aimed at gathering supports for his governorship aspiration and which had led to the termination of his appointment as the Special Adviser to the Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly on Religious Affairs. Lagos ex-commissioner AbdulLateef, however, thanked Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who he described as a great leader who fought tenaciously for democracy. “When I joined politics, he was there for me and assisted me greatly to occupy very enviable positions in the government. He has developed so many other individuals in very many capacities. May Allah reward you abundantly,” he said. ALSO READ: Let’s focus on issues that will unite us, Abiodun urges Nigerians He also praised Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, House of Assembly Speaker, Mudasiru Obasa, other leaders of the party and the past governors he worked with. He apologised to those he may have offended while switching support due to party loyalty. “To all other members of our party including my mentor Otunba Oladele Ajomale and the state Chairman of our party, Alhaji Tunde Balogun, I pray that may our Lord continue to be with you,” he said. According to the Lagos ex-commissioner, the movement – IYEPE 2023 was launched “because I believe that the constitution allows freedom of expression and the rights of all citizens to participate in bringing about the needed transformation in all sectors of the economy. “I am an indigene of Lagos State and an Awori by birth. I, therefore, have a duty to take positive steps including admonitions and practical reorientation of our people towards the ideal society we crave for. “My desire is to win the pleasure of my Lord which no political position can replace and that is why I am not desperate. I will be totally fulfilled when I am able to make efforts to enlighten our people about good governance, welfare, the growth and development of the youth, the care of the elderly, the growth of the private sector, the ideals of constitutional democracy and better lifestyles for the leaders and the led. “This movement has been rejected by some close leaders I respect. I have therefore decided to leave the party in order not to create disunity within the party. Please do not persecute or victimise my followers who have chosen to stay in APC. I leave them all in the care of the Lord. I am more concerned about paradise and I  am not afraid of death. I will continue to preach the word of God and invite all Nigerians regardless of their religions, colour and race to be determined to be different. We cannot continue this way.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!