An evangelist and one other person have been, struck dead by lightning at Mile 5 Ogbolu community in Oshimili North council area of Delta State. The incident which occurred during the early morning thunderstorm that lasted for hours, on Thursday also left several persons with multiple injuries. One of the survivors, Mrs Gladys Okah, said the incident occurred after some persons took shelter in a makeshift shop owned by a meat seller. “Seven persons were huddled together in the shop when lightening struck killing two persons. “The two dead persons were identified as an evangelist who came from Ugbolu and another woman who hails from Ebonyi State. “The dead woman, a subsistence farmer, cultivated groundnuts and cassava in the neighbouring Illah community,” she said. When contacted, the state Police image maker DSP Onome Onowakpoyeya confirmed the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… Lightning kills evangelist, #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. Lightning kills evangelist, SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!