The South East South South Professionals of Nigeria (SESSPN)  on Wednesday condemned in strongest terms the killings and brutalization of unarmed peaceful protesters in Lagos and across the country, by the Nigerian military personnel and their Police collaborators. The group particularly described killings of EndSARS protesters at Lekki toll gates as the highest level wickedness and inhumanity that should be decried by all right-thinking individuals. In a statement signed by the president and secretary of SESSPN, Mr Hannibal Uwaifo Collins and Steve Ugwu respectively, the group said it was unfortunate that the armed security personnel “acted on behalf of a despised Nigerian government that rather should commence immediate nationwide atonements.” ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Oyo youths suspend protest According to the statement, “this heinous wickedness of blood spilling, as a discredited pattern of crowd control, is a dumped global misnomer, and goes to show rather shamefully, that reason, empathy and commonsense continue to be scarce at the precincts of our governments and power corridors. “We therefore urgently call for a quick rethink and immediate halt, to this bizarre mindset, that propels the lust of our security agencies to feed their people to the monster of life snuffing bullets. “We assert forcefully and agree completely that the genuine demands of our youths for an end to Police brutality, extortion and  killings, resonates with all patriotic  Nigerians, as a deep national revival for justice, fairness and good governance, and must never be truncated through a reckless bluster of insensitivity.” “It is not a shame for this government to have patience, nor is it a weakness for it to grow endurance, two virtues it has enjoyed from her citizens liberally, but arrogantly failed to internalize.” “As a professional body and critical stakeholder for a well governed Nigeria, we hereby call on Nigerians to stay the course of civility and protect each other in the moral resolve to take back our country.  The international community should also rise to the duty of humanity by putting pressure on President Buhari as the Commander in Chief of the Nigerian Armed Forces to be accountable to his oath of office and forestall further deliberate atrocities”, the statement concluded. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!