As youths continue to protest against police brutality across the country, fast rising female Afrobeat and songwriter, Hannah Guendemir, otherwise known as Oyin, has commended youths for demanding for the scrapping of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Nigerian Police, urging them not to give up now that their voices have been heard globally. Speaking to R about the trending #EndSARS protest, the singer said, “This is a cause in the right direction and I am proud of every Nigerian youth out there using their voices and platforms to kick against injustice of the FSARS. The youths are not asking for too much; dissolve the unit totally from the Police Force unit, prosecute those who have been found wanting amongst others.” Speaking further, Oyin noted that there was need for the Presidency to give order restricting men of the Nigerian police from arming peaceful protesters who are exercising their fundamental human right. On her love for RnB music, Oyin said her music contains elements of Afrobeats, AfroHouse, Afropop, Kizomba, Pop and RnB. “I fell in love with Afrobeats even before I knew that it was called like that: The drums, the sizzling and flirting arrangement of traditional African instruments blending with Jazz and Pop, always maintaining a pinch of untamable energy. I feel like the softness of my voice complements with it and adds attractive flavor to the existing sound of Afrobeats. “As an independent female music artist trying to build up a sustainable career from scratch, I realised at a certain point that I was becoming my own bottleneck trying to write and produce for others and for myself, plus building and strengthening my brand and image every single day. I hope that I will be able to produce more songs in the future again, but for now I decided to focus on being a songwriting artiste and entertainer.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Revolt Of The Twitter Generation, Monsters We Created In the last one week or so of the rise of the #EndSARS protest across the country, a damp gleam of hope for Nigeria lit me up. I dare say same for many of our compatriots. It is just like the gleaming multicolour of an emerging rainbow. All our previous forecasts of hopelessness for the land started to collapse gradually… Nigerian Youths Came Out Late, But… —Bishop Oladotun Sincerely, from my own perspective, the youth came out late because we have no other country. Some of us are already 60 years old and above and we have no other place to go. This is a battle we are supposed to have fought about 30 or 40 years ago so that the youth of today can have a better future. Whatever they are doing now is to secure their… Youths’ #EndSARS Protest Capable Of Grounding Any Govt —Olajide, YCE Scribe The general secretary of the Yoruba Council of Elders (YCE), Dr Kunle Olajide, in this interview by KUNLE ODEREMI, speaks on the position of the organisation on the week-long youths’ protests against police brutality, advocacy on referendum, new incentive package for teachers and granting of financial autonomy to… Insecurity: Northern Elders Want Service Chiefs Sacked A group of northern elders under the aegis of Coalition of Northern Elders for Peace and Development (CNEEPD) has expressed dissatisfaction with the prevailing insecurity situation in the country, insisting that the best way possible for President Muhammadu Buhari is to restore order with an immediate restructuring beginning with the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.