Due to the 24-hour curfew declared by the Lagos State government, on Tuesday, the United States Embassy has closed its consulate office in Lagos for Tuesday and Wednesday. In a message for American citizens, shared on the Twitter handle of US Mission in Nigeria, @USinNigeria, the United States asked its citizens to avoid areas around protests and demonstrations and check local media for updates and traffic advisories. The statement read: “Multiple demonstrations are ongoing across Nigeria – to include areas within the consular districts of Abuja and Lagos. “Although most demonstrations are peaceful, some have become violent and have shut down major thoroughfares and bridges. “Some police stations have been targeted. Lagos State closed all schools indefinitely as of October 19 due to protests and implemented a 24-hour curfew starting at 4:00 p.m. on October 20. “Consulate General Lagos is closed for the rest of today and tomorrow.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. #EndSARS: US closes consulate office in Lagos My Convoy Was Attacked By Political Thugs Not Protesting Youths — Oyetola Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola has said that, he was attacked by thugs and not protesting youths. In his broadcast to the people of the state this morning in Osogbo, the governor alleged that… #EndSARS: US closes consulate office in Lagos Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.