The House of Representatives Committee on Aviation will on Tuesday, October 20, 2020, begin a process of amending the Civil Aviation Acts 2006 with a three-day public hearing on the six Executive Bills transmitted to the National Assembly for legislative action. The Bills are seeking to amend certain aspects of the Acts establishing the six agencies being superintended by the Federal Ministry of Aviation. The agencies include Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT) Zaria, Air Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), and Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NIMET). The Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Hon. Nnolim Nnaji noted that the aviation sector as a dynamic industry requires constant review of their enabling status to ensure that the country keeps to standard. “I understand that the last review was done about 14 years ago (2006) and l can tell you that within this period, a lot of changes have happened globally and this must have necessitated the proposed review from the Executive arm,” he noted. Hon. Nnaji, therefore, appealed to the critical stakeholders and the members of the public especially the frequent air travellers/aviation community to make time to either attend or send well-articulated memoranda that will guide the legislators in amending the Acts. Such, according to him, would engender robust debate and discussions that will at the end of the day prepare grounds for qualitative amendment Bills that will reposition the country’s air transport sector for a greater future. Hon. Nnaji also appealed to the media partners to give the process effective coverage to stimulate public interest towards the amendment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!