POULTRY farmers in Epe Area, under the auspices of the Poultry Association of Nigeria, Epe Zone,  have said that their decision to donate  2,150 and 900 units of eggs to Government College, Ketu-Epe and the General Hospital, Epe, respectively, was informed by the need to create awareness on the huge nutritional benefits of egg to individual’s wellbeing. Speaking shortly after the donation, in Epe, the association’s Public Relations Officer,  Bukola Bankole, noted that public institutions, such as schools and  hospitals, remain veritable ground where such  enlightenment campaign could be effectively prosecuted, as the association marked this year’s World Egg Day. She argued that besides using the event to enlighten the public on the nutritional benefits of eggs, the association also intended to use the occasion to correct some wrongly-held notions surrounding the consumption of eggs by the elderly. “We noticed overtime that a lot of people are not really benefitting from what egg represents in a meal. We are out to ensure and also to let people know the egg benefits in their meal. “We decided to choose the children because we believe children have a lot of influence on their parents, especially when it comes to foodstuffs. “If the children are aware of the benefits of eggs, they will influence their parents’ decisions in making eggs available in the home,” she stated. The association’s General Secretary, Alhaji Chief Mustapha Okunmoyinbo, explained that the decision to include the  community’s General Hospital in the association’s itinerary was informed by the need to clear some doubts about the health benefits of egg consumptions. “Some of us believe that egg is not good for our health, but studies have shown that, regardless of one’s age, we all need egg. Doctors and scientists have proven that some patients need eggs in their diet to treat their ailment,” he stated. Appreciating the gesture, the Vice Principal, Administration, Government College Ketu-Epe, Mr Pashida Olufemi Bamidele, noted that the gesture and the enlightenment campaign would go a  long way in educating  the school’s staff and students on some of the hidden benefits of egg.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.