Following a gas plant fire incident that ravaged Baruwa area of Lagos State, on Thursday, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), on Thursday, said it has no pipeline near the area. This was contained in a statement issued by the Corporation’s Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr Kennie Obateru, in Abuja. While commiserating with the Government and people of Lagos State, and particularly the residents of Baruwa, NNPC expressed sadness at the incident especially as it is coming few weeks after a similar incident at Iju Ishaga area of the state. It assured that although NNPC’s pipelines were not anywhere close to the location of the incident, the Corporation swiftly mobilised its Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Team, in collaboration with other relevant agencies of Lagos State Government and ensured that the situation was promptly brought under control. It called on operators of gas plants and other petroleum products facilities in the country to ensure strict adherence to safety rules and regulations to avoid incidents of this nature and the unnecessary loss of lives and property. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. Baruwa gas plant fire: NNPC says no pipeline near incident location SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!