Gunmen on Monday went on rampage and shot sporadically in Lokoja, the Kogi State capital as a journalist with the Sun Newspaper, Emmanuel Adeyemi was shot. It was gathered that the Sun Newspaper correspondent was on his way to the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) secretariat. He was a stone’s throw from the gate of the secretariat when he was shot. The drive-by shooters also shot another passerby whose name could not be immediately ascertained. The victim was said to have just arrived from Benue before he was caught up in the middle of the mayhem. The gunshots followed the resumption of looting in another warehouse in Zone 8 area. A similar incident was recorded overnight when ADP warehouse was invaded and several bags of fertilizer were carted away. A large crowd of youths gathered at the roundabout very close to the warehouse as early as 7 am. As at the time of filing this report, shops along Murtala Mohammed Way, Lokoja were closed while people scamper for safety. When contacted, the police public relations officer, William Aya said that the gunshots were from hoodlums who were scaring people away to enable them to have free access to their looting activities. He said that the shootings were not from the Police, adding that the shooters were being trailed and would be brought to book shortly. Meanwhile, Tribune Online report that the victims have been taken to State Specialist Hospital, Lokoja for treatment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!