The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) senatorial candidate for Kaduna central during the 2019 general elections, Lawal Adamu Usman (Mr LA) has tasked youths in the country to challenge bad leadership if the country must change. This was even as he also challenged them to join politics as they can effect meaningful change if they are politically active. Speaking in an interview on Saturday, Usman lamented that the older generation of Nigerian leaders who have clung to power since independence, have failed the younger generations and urged the youth to stand up against these type of leaders. “Demand that they show real commitment to reducing youth unemployment, insecurity and poverty,” he stressed. He also lamented that the leaders have consistently denied the youth national leadership positions by hinting that the youth are lazy and unproductive. “Rise up to counter these damaging insinuations by educating our people to recognize poor leadership and demand that elected leaders respond to the basic challenges facing us today,” he said. Acknowledging that politics is an honourable calling, the PDP chieftain urged the youth to join politics and improve its quality. ‘As an engine of society, you must learn the history of the sterling contributions of Nigeria’s past leaders whenever the nation needed statesmanship, courage and commitment to its causes. “Challenge our leaders to protect our weak and vulnerable, and prepare to assume responsibilities to serve our people by changing our political culture from one that serves the leader, to one which creates leaders that serve the people. “Understand the nature of our decaying economy and learn trades and skills that will rebuild its foundations. Acquire quality and honest education of all kinds, because you cannot lead if you are both a cheat and a glorified illiterate. ‘Knowledge is the foundation of good leadership, and it has no shortcuts,” he urged the youth, he declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…PDP senatorial candidate  PDP senatorial candidate Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…PDP senatorial candidate  PDP senatorial candidate Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…PDP senatorial candidate  PDP senatorial candidate NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!