Jaiz Bank Plc has announced plans to deepen financial inclusion in Jigawa State by providing the needed financing to operators of small and medium sized businesses and farmers in the state. Managing Director/CE Hassan Usman gave this hint when he paid a courtesy visit to the Executive Governor of Jigawa State Alhaji Mohammed Badaru Abubakar (MON) at the government House, Dutse. Usman, who informed the governor about the bank’s readiness to open a branch in the state said the target group are women, farmers and operators of small businesses and “through this we would assist them to expand their businesses as well as being financially included.” The MD also told the governor that the proposed branch in the state is likely to open for business by early next year and therefore solicited for the cooperation and support of the state government towards a smooth operation in the state. Speaking, Governor Badaru assured the Management of the state government’s support and instantly set up a technical committee from the state government to work with Jaiz Bank team to work together on MSME projects that will uplift the betterment of the people in the state. The governor suggested food vendors should be included in the bank’s financing to help them grow because “it is better to start small and grow. Women support is also very important. I want to assure you that we will work together.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!