Despite the uproar from lawmakers over rising debt profile of the Federal Government, the Senate, on Wednesday, approved a fresh loan of N4.28 trillion (including Foreign and domestic Borrowing) for the President Muhammadu Buhari administration in next year budget. It formed part of the recommendations of the joint Senate Committee on Finance, National Planning and Economic Affairs on the 2021 – 2023 Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Strategy Paper (FSP). Chairman of the Joint Committee and Senator representing Lagos West, Adeola Olamilekan, read his team observations and recommendations on the floor of the Red Chamber ahead of Thursday presentation of the Budget at a joint sitting of National Assembly by President Buhari. The document retained for the Federal Government revenue of N7.89 trillion, with a proposed expenditure estimate of N13.08 trillion. It revealed a Fiscal deficit of N5.19 trillion (including Government-Owned Establishments). The Senate approved the recommendation of the joint Committee USD$40 as Benchmark for the crude oil price in the 2021 Budget. The Committee premised its position on “the clear evidence of wide consultations with key stakeholders and the age-long fiscal strategy of addressing the oil price shocks by the adoption of a lower than forecast oil price benchmark for fiscal projections over the medium term.” Expressing reservations towards the proposed fresh loans, individual lawmakers maintained that the fresh loans projection would ultimately, undermine the revenue projection in the new fiscal year. The Senator Adeola led joint Committee recommended and the Senate approved the N13.08 trillion budget with components of total Recurrent (Non-debt) expenditure of N5.66 trillion; Personnel Costs (MDAs) of N3.05 trillion; Capital expenditure (exclusive of Transfers) of N3.58 trillion; Special Intervention (Recurrent) amounting to N350 billion; and Special intervention (Capital) of N20billion. Senator representing Rivers West, Betty Apiafi, said the revenue projection would remain a tall dream, considering the nation debt profile and the amount set aside for debt servicing in next fiscal year. She said: “Capital expenditure is N3trn, what is worrisome is that borrowing is about N4trn while loan repayment or debt servicing is N3.2trn. When you add up these two it has more or less swallowed our revenue projection with over N7trn so we are borrowing money to pay salaries. “It is really an issue for serious concern, a situation where our revenue for the year is almost equal to our borrowing and loan for the year. It is really worrisome because for me as a nation we are just doing a lot of motion without movement.” She also frowned at failure of revenue-generating agencies to remit to the federal government their earning making it difficult for the government to meet its revenue target.” “Look at the infractions by revenue generating agencies where a lot of them are engaged in frivolous expenditure making it difficult to determine Federal Government revenue. Where revenue generating agencies are engaged in outright non remittance or under remittance. “Where many agencies generate expenditure under sundry administrative guidelines where the cost of collecting revenue by revenue generating agencies is too high then I tell myself we are just making motion without movement. ALSO READ: Reps uncover abandoned FG property, projects in Nigeria, overseas It is high time we take a look at these issues.I expect most of our committees to have come up with their reports which should help on how we look at the MTEF/FSP and how we address the challenges that are found here. “I think we need to sit back and rethink on how we are going to implement the 2021 budget because even the N500b given for COVID-19 the implementation is almost non existence.” Aside the observed tardiness of revenue generating agencies to remit earnings as at when due, the Red Chamber equally frowned at the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC cost of crude oil production which they noted was one of the highest globally. To mitigate revenue loss, the Senate made several recommendations. It disclosed that it would “commence the immediate legislative actions to amend the Fiscal Responsibility Act (FRA, 2007) to improve revenue generating and remittance capacity of Agencies of the Federal Government, in particular Section 21 (1) and Section 22(1)(2); “That the immediate steps be also taken by relevant Standing Committees of the Senate to examine the laws guiding the operations of all revenue generating agencies under their oversight to determine specific sections/clauses requiring amendment with a view to plugging wastages and boosting revenue generation capacity of government; that the Federal Government to streamline all stamp duty collection activities by the MDAs and domicile with FIRS, to eliminate loss and to deploy the use of ICT in the collection of these stamp duties; “That the Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning, as well as the Budget Office of the Federation re-examine the assumptions underlying the revenue targets of all the Federal Government agencies, to ensure the credibility of such assumptions, and the figures arising therefrom.” The Senate also urged: “Federal Government to constantly consider carefully the qualifications and suitability of heads of agencies to ensure that the overall revenue objective of government in the MTEF/FSP and the annual budgets are always achieved.” The lawmakers maintained that “There is a need to institute sanctions for inability to meet revenue targets, where it is established that there are no visible constraints for such non-performance, whilst positive performance in revenue generation by MDAs should be rewarded; That the Federal Government to ensure that all Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) pay in full and promptly, for services rendered by other agencies of government, except where it is established that the beneficiary agencies are statutorily exempted from such payments.” They equally asked the “Federal Government to direct that all outstanding remittances currently held by revenue-generating agencies be remitted not less than thirty days (30 days)of this resolution into the Consolidated Revenue Fund (CRF); “that the Federal Government, through the Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE) to examine the activities of all Government Agencies currently operating under the partial commercialisation arrangement, to determine those that may be qualified for full commercialization, in order to enable them compete with their peers in the private sector, and therefore contribute more meaningfully to the revenue generation drive of the Federal Government.” The lawmakers pleaded with “the Federal Government to ensure that all statutory transfers due to agencies of government be paid forthwith to enhance their overall performance.” Ahead the new fiscal year, Senators mandated “the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to device strategies to reduce the Corporation’s average cost of production in accordance with the international best practices, which currently hovers at $31 barrel per day.” In his closing remarks, President of the Senate restated the concern of his colleagues over rising debt profile and amount budgeted for debt servicing. He advised that the nation should look for other sources of funding physical infrastructures. To reduce the cost of governance, he suggested that the government should look at how to merge certain Federal agencies but expressed reservations over the political will to implement it. He equally accused previous administrations of not saving for the raining day during the season of the oil boom. He said: “There are some projects that I feel we should ensure that we don’t borrow. We should explore the other alternatives in the sourcing of funding – the build, operate and transfer, public-private partnerships and so many other options. “I think we should explore those options. There are a lot of businesses that have an interest in our infrastructural development. Then again, we cannot eliminate borrowing, that is the sad part of it. “In the past, I think we deluded ourselves thinking that Nigeria is the greatest country in the world meanwhile we were not developing our infrastructure because if we had applied the resources we had before, especially in good days and good years, we would have found out that we didn’t have anything to spare. “There were much more challenges on the side of developing infrastructure than what we were getting. But we squandered those very good days that we realised that all our contemporaries then are now somewhere far away from us in terms of development. So we have to mix borrowing with diversification in going about meeting our development needs. The deficit of course is high and this is telling us the story of the history of our economic journey. “We simply could not figure out the right things to do when we had plenty of money. We didn’t save for the raining day now we have the very raining days that an umbrella cannot stop the rain beating everyone. “We need to look at the possibility of reducing borrowing in order to ensure that we don’t have so much deficit and end up spending so much revenue in servicing the debt. “Whatever we say about the cost of governance will depend on how to merge the different agencies. I think there is a need for us to muster the political will. We know what to do but when it comes to doing the right thing we find it difficult. “But I think the time has come for government, and that includes us, to address this. There are so many agencies, I served as the Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee and at a time I decided that I should know all the agencies that are getting money from the government. So I wrote to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation and the Head of Service. For instance, on the number of agencies, there was no agreement between any of the two offices.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!