IN a bid to continually provide affordable and quality housing for its clients, Lekki Gardens has commenced upgrading and beautification of some of its completed estates. According to the Chief Engagement Officer, Lekki Gardens, Akinwande Romeo “At Lekki Gardens, a renewed drive for excellence and quality has birthed an unending quest for precision and impeccable delivery. According to the Chief Engagement Officer, Lekki Gardens, Akinwande Romeo “At Lekki Gardens there is a renewed drive for excellence and quality thrust for an unending quest for precision and impeccable delivery. “This sets it apart  from others in the industry, delivering your home is not the end of the journey for us in this case, we revisited a couple of ur projects which have been completed for about five years and we gave them an upgrade.” Lekki Gardens took customer service and satisfaction a step further by going back to some of their estates in Lagos and Port Harcourt to upgrade beautify and renovate them at no cost to their residents. This laudable and highly uncommon act provides high economic value to its customers as it increases the durability of their homes while saving cost for them. While attesting to these facts, one of Lekki Gardens customers, Mr Yomi Adelabu, said “My friends couldn’t stop congratulating and commending me for an upgraded and more beautiful space at our last Friday games night. “I  appreciate the Lekki Gardens Management for this highly generous act and their unending thoughtfulness and care to all its residents. Buying a home with Lekki Gardens is by far the best decision I have ever made.” Technical Special Adviser Lekki Gardens, Mr Damilola Suara, noted that “For us at Lekki Gardens, our customers are at he centre of all we do and this commitment fuels our resolve to continually serve and deliver excellence to them. We  will  not relent as our primary goal here at Lekki Gardens is to build transgenerational wealth for our clients so we  continue to help them improve on the value of their properties.” He said. “From our inception in 2012, we have been unwaveringly committed to delivering value to our customers and this is evident in all we do at Lekki Gardens, we do not deliver and leave, we are with you every step of the way.” Suara added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Maintain Buhari, Osinbajo With N12.3 Billion In 2021 DESPITE paucity of funds leading to plans by the Federal Government to borrow additional N4.2 trillion in 2021, both  President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have asked the National Assembly to approve N3.227  billion for them to travel during… MONDAY LINES: The End Of SARS YOU know if I shoot you, nothing will happen. The highest anyone will do is cry justice on Twitter,” Lagos-based entrepreneur Samuel Otigba told CNN that he got that threat live and direct from a SARS operative. He said his offence was his refusal to pay bribe to the officers… 5 Things To Know About The Dissolution Of SARS — Police he Nigerian Police Force(NPF) have bowed to the pressure and demand of Nigerians to ban a unit of the force, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) on Sunday. Recall that protests from youth have been ongoing across the states of the country and Nigerians in diaspora have also joined in the struggle to end the police unit… Amnesty International Demands Prosecution Of Officers Involved In Extrajudicial Killings, Human Rights Abuse As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights… SARS Has Outlived Its Usefulness, Lasting Solution Must Be Found ― Pastor Bakare Pastor Tunde Bakare, the presiding pastor of Citadel Global Community Church, formerly called Latter Rain Assembly, on Sunday said SARS, an arm of Nigeria police created to combat armed robbery incidents in the country has outlived its usefulness, declaring that a lasting solution must be found towards a more holistic and fundamental… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!