To ensure the fundamental rights of Nigerians are discreetly obeyed during the 6:00 p.m to 8:00 a.m curfew imposed by Delta State, the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Warri branch, on Tuesday, visited the Sector Commander, Sector 1, Joint Task Force (JTF), Operation Delta Safe, 3 Battalion Barracks, Effurun-Warri. First Vice President and Welfare Officer of the NBA Warri branch, John Aikpokpo-Martins and Kunle Edun led the team on the courtesy visit. ALSO READ: CACOVID urges Nigerians to stop looting warehouses for palliatives The NBA, at the parley, called on the military and other security agencies to uphold Fundamental Human Rights Rules in line with the Military Rules of Engagement during the Curfew imposed by the Delta State government as a result of #ENDSARS protests. The lawyers further requested the Commander to ensure that lawyers are included in the essential services group during the curfew to ensure they are available for the citizens whose rights are likely to be trampled upon. The Sector Commander, Col. Sanni Ahmed, while responding, thanked the NBA branch officers for the visit and assured the bar of a more robust relationship. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!