Motivational speakers commonly talk about how one must never stop moving in life but this is not the case for cars – which is why vehicles come with brakes! Brakes can be described as a type of mechanical device whose main function is to absorb energy from a moving system in order to reduce a car’s speed or completely halt it. This impediment on motion is achieved by friction. A vehicle without good brakes is extremely hazardous to the safety of drivers and passengers, which is why understanding the fundamentals of the braking system of a vehicle is advantageous. The following are components which make up a vehicle’s braking system: Brake pedal, brake pads, brake shoes, brake drum, fluid lines and reservoirs, master cylinder, rotor, sliding and fixed callipers, vacuum booster and brake lining. When all these components are assembled, they come together to form and function as a single unit, which is referred to as a brake system. Generally, there are three types of braking systems:   To sum up, the brake system of your vehicle can be sustained by cultivating the right habits. These habits could cover applying brakes gradually instead of haphazardly, performing regular brake fluid checks and even, investing in high-quality brake pads, among other practices. These could extend the longevity of the components which make up your brake system while preserving your safety when driving. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Understanding brake systems  Understanding brake systems Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Understanding brake systems Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Understanding brake systems NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!