It is rather sad that we oftentimes allow our dreams and desires to die. Many of us have catalogues of abandoned projects, unfulfilled dreams and unmet targets all because we have not given these issues the desired attention. Unfortunately, life does not play fair on people who don’t seem to know what to do with their dreams, desires and aspirations. Life only celebrates achievers. Life has no pride of place for lazy people. Laziness is not being inclined to work. It is the unwillingness to work or the reluctance to put in the necessary energy needed to get something done. Laziness is a destroyer. “Lazy people finally die of hunger because they won’t get up and go to work.” Proverbs 21.25 Message “Slothfulness casts one into a deep sleep, and the idle person shall suffer hunger.” Proverbs 19.15 It is not enough to have a dream; we need to go the extra mile to give all it takes in order to get the job done. Life never gives us what we want on a platter of gold – we have to be focused, hardworking and diligent. Diligence is a fundamental key to success in life. A dream that is not diligently pursued will remain but a dream. Our dreams need not remain dreams – they must become reality for them to be of any good and a crucial step in turning dreams to reality is the application of the force of diligence. Diligence is steady effort. It is intelligent hard work. It is careful and intelligent hard work that produces the desired result. It is painstaking attention and care legally required of someone. Registering maximum impact in life and living a fulfilled and satisfying life is heavily hinged on diligence. Diligence promotes. Diligence brings honor. Diligence brings accomplishments. “Do you see a man diligent and skillful in his business? He will stand before kings; he will not stand before obscure men.” Proverbs 22.29 Amplified A mere realization or awareness of special ability, idea, concept or endowments is just the starting point in the journey of success. A diligent application of whatever abilities we possess is fundamental to achieving success and this is the job of diligence. Diligence, unfortunately, is a scarce commodity in our society today. If we look around, we will understand the scarcity of diligence. What we see is the byproducts of laziness. Far too many employers complain of employees who are incompetent, inconsistent, insensitive and irresponsible. We hear stories of laziness, sloppiness and unreliability. Once the boss is out of sight everybody relaxes, winds down – eye service is their motivation for work. TO BE CONTINUED YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!