Following the four days closure of the ports in Lagos due to the Lagos State-imposed curfew that trailed the EndSars protest, the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) has appealed to foreign shipping companies to grant waivers on cargoes trapped inside the ports. In a statement made available recently to newsmen by the agency spokesperson, Rakiya Zubairu , the agency revealed that it is holding several discussions with the shipping firms to ensure cargo owners get demurrage waiver on cargoes. According to the NSC, “Activities at Apapa, the port city of Lagos are gradually returning to normal as Lagos State government has eased the curfew by pronouncing that residents can move freely between the hours of 6am and 8pm. “No doubt the activities of the past week caused a lot of disruptions for shippers. Just as it did during the COVID-19 lockdown, the NSC is working with shipping companies to find ways to ease the hardship occasioned by the disruptions. “Several discussions are taking place between the leaderships of the Council and shipping companies in Nigeria to find ways to accelerate clearing of cargoes from the terminals and collection of same by shippers who were unable to access the ports. “Both sides are mulling the removal of demurrage charges on cargoes as one of the ways the hardship of shippers can be alleviated. The ES/CEO of NSC will also visit some terminals to progress discussions on the waiver and other issues.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.