POPULAR Ibadan-based poultry farmer, Azeez Maboreje, popularly known as Farmers Ambassador, is dead and has been buried according to islamic rites at about 2pm at his Ayegoro Academy area of Ibadan residence. According to a close associate of the deceased who craved anonymity, the late Maboreje, was found dead in his car around Idi-Ape area of Ibadan at about 12:05 on Monday morning with foamy substance gushing out from his mouth and nose, adding that it was a good samaritan who drew the attention of the police arround the area to the ugly incident. The source further informed that details of Maboreje’s cause of death could not be ascertained as it was impossible to carry out autopsy because of the fact that he had to be buried on Monday being a muslim. A very close ally of the deceased, Dr Adebayo Faleke of Fresh FM, Ibadan, while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune by phone, described Maboreje, who anchors popular radio show, Oja Agbe on a popular radio in Ibadan, as an agricultural activist whose service to humanity particularly farmers is beyond human comprehension. ” I will miss him greatly, as a matter of fact, I’m still in shock and everything semms like a dream to me. He was a very intelligent and hardworking man. He has a very kind heart and would be greatly missed by farmers in Oyo State and the entire South-West part of the country.” Maboreje is survided by wife, children and aged mother. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!