The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) is organising a two-day virtual international conference on “Financial System Stability, Fintech and Emerging Risks: Challenge for Bank Supervisors” on Thursday and Friday next week. The conference, which is the first of its kind to be hosted by three deposit insurance system (DIS) in the African region, is informed by emerging developments and financial system stability effects of Fintech and COVlD-19 pandemic. According to a statement from director, communications and public affairs of the corporation, Bashir Nuhu, the conference, brings together speakers & participants from the International Association of Deposit Insurers (IADI), World Bank, International Monetary Fund (IMF), sister deposit insurers. supervisory & resolution authorities, as well as professionals & practitioners in the financial systems across the globe. Some of the local participants are drawn from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), FITC, Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN), Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC), Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU), amongst others. The conference is part of an effort to promote knowledge and experience sharing amongst key stakeholders on Fintech, as well as provides an opportunity to promote broad discussion on policy options to address emerging risks and opportunities associated with Fintech. The two-day virtual Conference will address pertinent topics such as: How Big Tech and Asian Banks are Reinventing Banking; Emerging Issues on Cyber Risks; Artificial Intelligence. Machine Learning; and Consumer Protection in the Fintech era. Other topics include; the use of Regulatory and Supervisory Technologies as Early Warning Signals; Regulation of Fintech Payment Service Banks (P535); and identifying the Potential Impact of Disruptive Technologies on On-Site Supervision. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. NDIC hosts fintech conference BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. NDIC hosts fintech conference Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!