The Federal Government (FG) in the proposed 2021 budget earmarked a total sum of N425million for the 3,050MW Mambilla hydro-power project in Taraba State. The Mambilla hydro-electric power, when completed, is expected to be the largest power-generating installation in the country, and one of the largest hydroelectric power stations in Africa. As contained in the proposed budget for the Ministry of Power, a breakdown of the total sum showed that a sum of N200million was set aside as counterpart funding for the project out of over N175billion (174,939,676,913) allocated to the Ministry. Also, N75million was earmarked for consultancy services enumeration and evaluation of communities and persons to be affected by the power. The same sum of N75million was allocated for consultancy services for land survey of the area also affected by the hydropower project. Another N75million was also put aside for detailed engineering design, project management and supervision. However, a separate sum of N150 million was set aside for advisory and consultancy services for the Mambilla project as well as Kashimbilla power evacuation project. But there is a sharp decline in the allocation as compared to the revised 2020 approved budget. For instance, a total of N2.28billlion was allocated for the Mambilla project in the 2020 budget while only about N425million was earmarked for 2021. Meanwhile, the total capital earmarked for the Ministry and agencies under it, is N198.3billion (198,278,398,642), while the total allocation is put at N204.3billion (N204,347,505,453). The project is being undertaken by the Ministry of Power, Construction and Housing, with the help of Chinese investments and estimated to cost $5.8bn. The ground survey for the project was completed in August 2010 and environmental approval was received in December 2011. Also, the project’s capacity was increased to 3,050MW in 2012 but its execution was halted, due to administrative clashes, until it received government approval in 2016. Chinese Export-Import (Exim) Bank is funding 85% of the estimated $5.8bn project cost, while the remaining 15% funding is expected from the Federal Government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!