Acting Secretary, Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Health and Human Services Secretariat (HHSS), Dr Mohammed Kawu, on Sunday, announced that the secretariat would organise a two-day intra-action review workshop in line with World Health Organisation (WHO) recommendations as schools resume after seven months of deadly COVID-19 pandemic. Dr Kawu, who announced this in Abuja, said the review was critical at this point to enable relevant stakeholders to collectively review the current response approach with a view to identifying challenges, adopt best practices and re-strategize for improved response. The review meeting, according to him, which is expected to hold between October 13 and 14, 2020, will also help to document lessons learned, share experiences and utilise available evidence to plan for future outbreaks. “One of the key focus of the workshop will be to build consensus amongst relevant stakeholders with specific target on full decentralisation of the response to the Area Councils. “Other key targets of the review meeting include improving community engagement and participation in the response, sustaining safety measures in FCT schools, improving enforcement of preventive measures and integrating the distribution of palliatives with the response activities,” Dr Kawu stated. He pointed out that the response strategy is based on an Incident Management System (IMS) with thematic areas focusing on Surveillance and Epidemiology, Laboratory, Infection Prevention and Control, Health and Safety, Case management, Risk communication, Logistics, Coordination, and Research. It would be recalled that on March 20, 2020, the FCT Administration confirmed the first COVID-19 case. And following the confirmation, a multi-sectoral Emergency Operations Center (EOC) was activated to coordinate the outbreak response in collaboration with partners. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. COVID-19: FCT holds intra-action review workshop as schools resume #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. COVID-19: FCT holds intra-action review workshop as schools resume SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!