Osun State Government has suspended the 24-hour curfew, effective from today, Friday, October 23, 2020, till further notice. The Secretary to the state government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji who made the announcement in a statement explained that “after reviewing the situation of the last 48 hours and following the inauguration of the State’s Judicial Panel of Inquiry on Police Brutality, the Governor, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, hereby suspends the 24-hour curfew.” “The suspension is to allow members of the public approach the Panel to make their submissions and to go about their lawful businesses.” # However, the Government will not hesitate to reinstate the curfew should the need arise. # Government remains committed to the cause of our youths and the #EndSARS protesters and shall take every necessary step to ensure that their demands are met. ALSO READ: Why Nigeria can’t live in peace ―Femi Adesina # We equally commend our youths for displaying a high sense of maturity in carrying out their protest. “We commend the residents and citizens of Osun for their show of understanding and cooperation in the last 48 hours of the curfew.” #Considering the Government’s commitment and determination to meet the demands of the protesters, we appeal to the protesting youths to suspend their protest and engage Government in a dialogue. # All citizens and residents are enjoined to be peaceful and to be law-abiding as all efforts shall be made to protect them and their property”, he submitted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. #EndSARS,  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!