The Executive Governor of Kano State, Abdulahi Ganduje on Friday said that the construction of Dala Inland Dry Port will boost the nation’s foreign exchange and as well grow Kano State’s Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) upon its completion. Ganduje who stated this when he paid a working visit to the headquarters of the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) in Apapa Lagos, said his government has so far committed N2.4billion to the Dala Inland Dry Port Project. According to the Executive Governor of Kano State, the Inland Dry Port Project will continuously boost the Kano economy in particular and the Nigerian economy in general, when completed. He, therefore, called on the Ministry of Transportation to declare the Dala Inland Dry Port as a port of origin and destination. “The Kano State Government under my watch appreciates the economic importance of the Inland Dry Port Project to the socio-economic wellbeing of my people and we are fully committed to facilitate and support its actualization. “We have already provided critical infrastructures required for the project, notably Construction of standard dual carriage access road to the project site; Provision of Power and Water to the site; Other essential support of propagating the project and promoting it both for marketing and obtaining support from appropriate quotas particularly regulatory agencies,” Governor Ganduje said. Upon completion, he hinted that the dry port would equally serve neighbouring landlocked countries including Niger Republic, Chad, Northern Cameroon and the rest of Sahel Africa up to Mauritania. Speaking earlier, Executive Secretary of Nigerian Shippers Council, Hassan Bello appreciated the Kano State Government on the access road to the dry port terminal, which is 50 per cent completed. He said the Dry Port is expected to grow to as much as 50,000 TEU in three years time, and 80,000TEU in five years, stating that the Dry Port, once completed would also be getting 30 billion metric tonnes of cargoes from Lagos to Kano State by rail. He added that the perimeter fencing is being done, electricity is being done, water is being provided and many other amenities at the dry port. The NSC boss further described Inland Dry Ports as one of the tools which Nigeria can use to harness the gains of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) saying that Nigeria needs to get ready to receive this and utilise it. In his words, “It is not by our size or our population, it is how far we have gone to bring infrastructure, industries and productions to our various states, that is the only time Nigeria can benefit. The Free Trade Agreement is the largest single market accounting for about $4trillions in spending and investment across 54 countries, it would cover 1.2billion people in Africa and over $3billion in GDP. “By 2050, it would expand the economy of Africa to $29trillion, it would boost Intra African trade which is currently at 18 per cent to 52 per cent. In Europe, trade amongst European countries is 70 per cent, in North America, it is 49 per cent while in Asia they have 35 per cent. But in Africa, we have only 18 per cent trade amongst ourselves. However, with the introduction of the AfCFTA, we would go up to $52 per cent. However, the benefit would depend on infrastructure.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…N2.4bn Dala Inland port The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…N2.4bn Dala Inland port The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84…N2.4bn Dala Inland port His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…N2.4bn Dala Inland port  N2.4bn Dala Inland port SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.