Justice Oyindamola Ogala of an Ikeja High Court has remanded a 22-year-old man, Elijah Anyasador, in a correctional centre for allegedly robbing a housewife returning from the church of her handbag containing N100 and a copy of the Holy Bible. Tribune Online gathered that Anyasador, whose residential address was not provided, was remanded by Justice following his not guilty plea to a charge of armed robbery. The offence contravenes Section 297 of the Criminal Law of Lagos 2015. According to the state prosecutor, Mr A. Oluwaseun, the defendant committed the offence around 7 pm on June 6, 2018, at the Ikorodu area of Lagos. “The defendant, while armed with a gun, robbed Mrs Joy John, a housewife heading home from church, of her handbag containing the sum of N100, a copy of the Holy Bible and also a Hymnbook,” the prosecutor said. According to the prosecution, after she was robbed, John immediately raised an alarm, alerting passersby who pursued and apprehended Anyasador and handed him over to the authorities. Justice Ogala adjourned the case to Nov. 2 for trial. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. robbing housewife Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panelists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… robbing housewife SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!