Hundreds of youths besieged some parts of Kaduna State in the early hours of Tuesday to protest the activities of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). Some of the protesters, who trekked from the popular station roundabout along Kachia road under the watch of the police and civil defence stopped at waterboard, Barnawa in Kaduna metropolis. Some of the protesters held placards which read: “This is not political, we are fed up with SARS”, “Nigerians are not armed robbers,” “we say no to SARS,” “SARS is a disgrace to our country.” Even though, there was no leader, one of the protester echoed, “We have no leader, we are for Nigeria, we don’t need journalists now. When we need journalists we will let you know.” Another protester who gave his name as David Hassan said they came to the street to express their dismay over the activities of SARS in the country. He said Kaduna is not an exception while narrating how he was molested by SARS six months ago on his way to school when they saw him sitting down by the roadside. “They told me to enter their vehicle and took me to their office at Gabasawa and beat the hell out of me until I was later granted bail for no offence,” he said. Intermittently, security operatives ordered the protesters to sit on the ground to prevent the crowd from breaking into adjoining offices and shops. As at the time of filing this report, normalcy has returned as the protesters have returned to their respective homes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!