THE Medical and Dental Consultants Association of Nigeria (MDCAN), Minna branch, has promised support for immediate take-off of the College of Health Sciences at the Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida University, (IBBU), Lapai in Niger State, by next academic session. The chairperson of the association, Dr Halima Isah Umar, gave the assurance when the executive members of MDCAN paid a courtesy visit to the management of the university in Lapai. Dr. Umar commended the management of IBB University for taking a bold initiative in establishing a college of health sciences in the state, expected to help bridge the widening gap in health personnel. She pointed out that the project would require a huge capital investment, adding that a medical college in the state was long overdue. The chairperson noted that MDCAN, which was an affiliate of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) was the largest specialist medical association in the West African Sub-region with over 2,000 members from teaching and specialist hospitals across all parts of Nigeria. She added that the association had qualified consultants in all fields of medicine that could teach at both the undergraduate and postgraduate levels of any medical college. Dr Umar further lauded the management of the university for doing the Niger State proud with high-ranking research outputs and quality academic programmes. He disclosed the readiness of MDCAN in the state to partner with the university, for the realisation and immediate commencement of the college of health sciences. Also in his remarks, a member of MDCAN and the Commissioner for Health, Dr Mohammed Makusidi, assured of Niger State government’s unwavering commitment to the college of health sciences project, saying all hands would be on deck to ensure its  success. Earlier, while welcoming members of MDCAN, Minna branch executive in the senate chamber of the university, the Vice-Chancellor,, Professor Abu Kasim Adamu, reiterated the management’s determination to ensure the take-off of the college of health sciences of the institution as contained in its implementation roadmap. He disclosed that Niger State that had no teaching hospital of the north central states, hence the decision by the management of IBB Universityt to establish the college of health sciences. Professor Adamu appealed for support from all relevant stakeholders in the state towards the realisation of  the objectives of the management. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!