Chairman, Photo Journalists Association of Nigeria (PJAN),  Lagos State chapter, Mr. Kola Olasupo, has condemned the attack on three of its members,  Jimoh Ayodele, Deputy Editor, The Nation Newspapers,  Abiodun Williams and Mike Otogo of The Economy Magazine, recently by angry youths during their covering of the #EndSARS protests. Olasupo, in a statemen, made available to Tribune Online, stated that Ayodele, who is also the Internal Auditor of the Nigerian Union of Journalists, Lagos State chapter, almost lost his life when he was attacked at Mafoluku area of Lagos. “He was attacked when he went to get the shots of the burnt Makinde Police Station located in the Mafoluku area.  He narrowly escaped after much beating, while  Abiodun Williams was attacked at Yaba area of Lagos and his camera damaged. “Another member was Mike Otogo, a photo journalist with The Economy Magazine who was attacked at Ojodu area of Lagos when he went to take the shot of Ojodu Police Station set ablaze by hoodlums. “He was lucky to escape, but his camera was snatched from him and  smashed  on the ground by the angry youths. He presently has no camera to work with,” he stated. Olasupo pleaded with the protesters to see photo journalists as partners,  who believe in their cause,  and should therefore allow them to carry out their lawful  duties. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…Photo journalists decry attacks  Photo journalists decry attacks ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Photo journalists decry attacks Photo journalists decry attacks ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice…Photo journalists decry attacks NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!