I am an 18 -year old student who is also a sportsman. Unfortunately, my sporting career has been severely handicapped with frequent dislocations of my right shoulder. I was told that I might need an operation to fix the problem. Unfortunately, I can’t afford the surgery. Kindly let me know what I can do instead. Omigo (by SMS)  Shoulder dislocations most commonly occur in teenage boys and young men in their 20s because they tend to engage in physical activities that raise risk for a dislocation, such as playing a contact sport like hockey or football. In addition, dislocations are usually very common in people who naturally have more lax muscles, ligaments and malleable connective tissues in the body. These people may also be more likely to experience partial dislocations in which the joint slides back into place by itself. When a shoulder dislocation occurs, it is best to have it moved back into place (reduced) by a physician. However, when the dislocations become habitual as in your case, surgery which will correct the laxities in the shoulder ligaments and muscles may be advised. When done by an expert, the operation is usually effective and harmless. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!