Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. Olaniyan who represented the state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde at the protest in Ibadan said the governor is in support of the peaceful protest. Olaniyan stated that he was asked to come out of the Secretariat by the protesters before he addressed them as they were demanding for the presence of the governor.  According to him “Governor Seyi Makinde is presently in Ogbomoso to see to the wellbeing of the families of #EndSARS victims and I promise to deliver your message to the governor once he is back. “I have been a victim of SARS brutality twice and I know what I faced. I know your grievance but I enjoin you all to let our protest go peacefully without any attack.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nobel Prize in economics awarded to Paul Milgrom, Robert Wilson for auction theory American economists Paul Milgrom and Robert Wilson have been awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in economics for their contributions to auction theory, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said on Monday. Milgrom and Wilson, who are both professors at Stanford University in California, were recognized for theoretical discoveries that improved how auctions work. SARS I am disappointed with Akure people ― Akeredolu Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has expressed disappointment for losing in the three Local Government Areas that formed the Akure division in the just concluded governorship election in the state. Akeredolu who stated this during an interview monitored on Channel Television said he was let down by the people of Akure, despite all the developmental projects executed by his administration in the area, but said the people of the area chose to vote against him. #EndSARS Ibadan SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!