As part of efforts aimed at cushioning the onslaught of COVID-19 on businesses and also to light up the atmosphere of bars across the country, popular beer brand, Tiger Beer has launched its first Tiger Den in Lagos. The project, according to the brand, will see more remodeling and renovation of several bars across Nigeria in an attempt to strengthen the brand’s relationship with outlets. The grand opening of the first Tiger Den, located at Price Pointe, Ilupeju, Lagos was held recently and created a partnership that hoped to bring the tiger brand experience closer to consumers. Speaking about the new development, the national trade marketing manager for Nigerian Breweries, Funso Ayeni, said that Tiger Den was specially branded to provide consumers with better ambience and a more enjoyable bar experience while giving beer-lovers the opportunity to enjoy their favourite Tiger Beer and other Nigerian Breweries brands. The senior category & channel manager-premium, Nigerian Breweries Plc, Chris Ibeh also added: “We will have more partnerships before the end of the year, creating more of these experiences for more consumers across several parts of the country.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Akeredolu wins Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!