My problem is that for the past two months I have been having a burning sensation in the upper part of my chest. This is worse on lying down. It is also so bad that I sometimes have to sleep with my head propped up in bed. I have used several antacids and drugs but the condition has persisted. Your urgent help is needed. Henry (by SMS)  The description you have given shows that your digestive juices (either acidic or alkaline) from your stomach are flowing back into the section of your food passage that is in your chest. This is usually caused by the weakness of the valve that is before your stomach which normally prevents the juices from flowing backwards. This usually occurs when you lie down as such, your difficulty in sleeping without being propped up. Having tried several drugs and antacids without relief, it will be advisable for you to see a specialist who will order some tests including a barium swallow. This is an X ray of the food passage using special contrast medium which you will swallow while the X ray is being done. The X ray will then show the level of damage as well as the cause of your ailment. If the cause is mild, the doctor may ask that you continue your previous medications. However, if it is more than that, you may need a surgical operation to correct the damage. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.