The Minister of State for Education, Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba has said that he was quoted out of the context of reports in a section of the media that he asked members of Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to take up farming as an alternative for their jobs. The Minister in a statement by the Director, Press and Public Relations, Mr Ben Bem Goong, on Thursday in Abuja, clarified that he was only encouraging members of the Association and Nigerians, in general, to take up farming as an alternative source of income. The statement read: “The attention of the Federal Ministry of Education has been drawn to publications in some national dailies to the effect that the Academic Staff Union of Universities, (ASUU) has called on the Minister of State for Education, Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, to resign his appointment and take up farming as a profession. “This is in response to a statement supposedly made by the Hon. Minister advising members of ASUU to resign from the teaching profession and take to farming instead. “We wish to categorically state that the Minister was quoted out of context. “The Minister was encouraging members of the Association and Nigerians, in general, to take up farming as an alternative source of income. ALSO READ: 61-yr-old files N500m suit against police over unlawful arrest, detention “This is in line with the present administration’s developmental agenda of refocusing on agriculture for economic diversification. “Furthermore, farming is the only profession in which civil servants are constitutionally empowered to engage in even while they are working. “Agriculture helps boost food security, National development, as well as provide economic empowerment for Nigerians. “The Federal Ministry of Education is therefore surprised at the outburst of ASUU on the Minister’s statement as there is absolutely nothing wrong with taking up farming while still working. “The Hon. Minister of State is on point. The outburst of the Academic Staff Union of Universities is clearly a matter of transferred aggression, totally unfounded, misguided and absolutely unnecessary,” Goong said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!