The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara State has begun its campaign for the bye-election for member representing Bakura Local Government in the state, urging itss supporters to come out and protect their votes. Speaking during the formal flag-off campaign in Bakura town on Saturday, the state APC chairman, Alhaji Lawal Liman Kaura urged supporters to come out en-masse and vote for their candidate in the forthcoming Bakura constituency bye-election. He advised APC supporters in the state to shun any act of political thuggery and be law-abiding members during the bye-election in the state. According to him, it was right of every member to come out and protect their votes. He said, “I call on our supporters to come out and protect your votes during and after votes cast.” Also speaking during the Saturday rally, the APC candidate, Alhaji Bello Dankande Gamji, said the security agents should remain neutral and provide adequate security during and after the election. Dankande maintained that the issue of rigging during the forthcoming by-election by anybody would never be tolerated by APC supporters. Meanwhile, the bye-election is scheduled to hold on the 31st of October 2020 in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.