A High Court sitting in Akure has sentenced a welder and father of two, Modupe Oni, to life imprisonment for raping a four-year-old girl. The accused who was convicted on one count charge was said to have committed the offence on Ifon in Ose Local Government Area. Modupe was said to have forcefully had carnal knowledge of the young girl when the four-year-old girl came to buy groundnut from the accused wife. The accused was said to have lured the four-year-old girl into his room and forcefully had carnal knowledge of the minor. The victim, however, narrated her ordeal to her parent who rushed her to the hospital when she was bleeding, where test confirmed forceful penetration. Four witnesses were called by the Prosecuting Counsel, Oluwaseun Akeredolu, during the trial while the convict testified for himself. The convict denied the allegations but Justice Samuel Bola observed that his denial was contrary to his statement to the police and held that evidence showed that Modupe committed the act and hailed the small girl for speaking out. He, however, found the father of two, guilty of the offence and sentenced him to life imprisonment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. #OndoDecides2020: Pandemonium In Akure Polling Unit As Gunmen Disrupt Voting Pandemonium erupted in Akure on Saturday morning, as gun-wielding men suspected to be political thugs invaded a polling unit located at unit 4, ward 4, Ijomu/Obanla, in Akure South Local Government Area of the state. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… Court sentences welder to life imprisonment for raping minor  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!