The National Association of Nigerian Students(NANS), has vowed to rid the higher institutions operating in Ekiti State of sexual assault, promising to work with the management to ensure that lecturers engaging in such “animalistic” behaviour are dismissed and prosecuted. The Chairman, NANS/Joint Campus Committee, Ekiti axis, Mr Abiola Ogunleye, spoke on Wednesday during a press conference held at the Ekiti State University(EKSU), Ado-Ekiti to review the activities of the body. Ogunleye flanked by other NANS leaders, applauded the EKSU’s Vice-Chancellor, Professor Eddy Olanipekun for expelling a lecturer that recently engaged in sexual assault, saying that would send a signal that there were no sacred cows on campuses. He also saluted the EKSU management for fast-tracking action on how to make the university fully residential by partnering private bodies to build hostels in the university. “Protection of students against all forms of victimisation, sexual assaults, and harassment are our priority. The management of all higher institutions operating in Ekiti had assured us that they won’t tolerate such act. Even when a lecturer was indicted for sexual assault here in EKSU, he was dismissed from this University. This confirmed that the management has zero-tolerance for harassment. “We are also happy that the university had developed a robust and interactive homegrown portal and established more lecture theatres. All these will add values and the quality of education in EKSU.” Passing a vote on confidence in the leadership of EKSU, Ogunleye said they took the step to encourage EKSU management who has worked for full accreditation for all courses being run by the institution. NANS leader commended the EKSU management for also donating Covid 19 facilities to the state government during the heat if the pandemic and for prioritising the welfare of students and staff to avert an internal crisis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…NANS to collaborate NANS to collaborate  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…NANS to collaborate  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…NANS to collaborate  NANS to collaborate SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!