A teenager,  Joseph Edibo on Wednesday appeared in a Grade I Area Court in Kubwa, Abuja, for allegedly stealing a cell phone worth N100,000. The police charged Edibo with criminal conspiracy and theft. The Prosecution Counsel, Chinedu Agada, told the court that the complainant, Chukwu Samuel reported the matter at the Kubwa Police Station on Sept. 28. Agada alleged that the defendant and two others, at large, stole the complainant’s cell phone worth  N100, 000, around Kubwa village market on Sept. 27. He revealed that during police investigations, the cell phone was recovered by the police. The prosecution said the offence, contravened the provisions of sections 97 and 287 of the Penal Code. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty. The defence counsel, Taiye Okoya prayed the court to grant his client bail in the most liberal terms, citing Section 162 and 158 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA). The Judge, Mr Muhammad Adamu, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N300, 000 with one reasonable surety in like sum. Adamu ordered that the surety must reside within the court’s jurisdiction. He also ordered that the surety must present means of identification and adjourned the case until Nov. 3 for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nobel Prize in economics awarded to Paul Milgrom, Robert Wilson for auction theory American economists Paul Milgrom and Robert Wilson have been awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in economics for their contributions to auction theory, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said on Monday. Milgrom and Wilson, who are both professors at Stanford University in California, were recognized for theoretical discoveries that improved how auctions work. Joseph Edibo I am disappointed with Akure people ― Akeredolu Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has expressed disappointment for losing in the three Local Government Areas that formed the Akure division in the just concluded governorship election in the state. Joseph Edibo Joseph Edibo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!