The Ogun State Government on Thursday night warned any group of people planning to attack or vandalise public and private property, under any guise to desist from doing so in their own interest. This was contained in a statement issued by the State Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Alhaji Waheed Odusile, who stated that the government would not fold its arms and allow such attack to take place. The statement said there would be dire consequences for carrying out an attack on people and property across the state. This is coming against the backdrop of audio messages trending in some quarters detailing plans by some criminal elements who have hijacked the peaceful #EndSARS protests to attack government property in different locations in the state with the intention of looting such. “Our combined team of law enforcement agents have been put on the alert to protect public buildings and similar properties belonging to the government and other prominent facilities in all locations around the state. “Anyone planning to attack any of these facilities are advised in their interest against such move”, the statement said. The statement added that the government, while in support of the legitimate demands of the #EndSARS protesters, would deal decisively with any act or conduct by hoodlums likely to lead to a breach of public peace. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Ogun Government FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. Ogun Government Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!