Following massive protests in the country for the past two weeks, President Muhammadu Buhari has summoned a meeting of the National Security Council. The meeting taking place inside the Council Chambers of the presidential villa, Abuja, is being attended by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha and Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari. The security chiefs are Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olanisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt. General Tukur Buratai; Chief of Naval Staff Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe Ibas and Chief of Air Staff Air Marshal Saddique Abubakar. Other in attendance are the Inspector General of Police, Muhammad Adamu; National Security Adviser, Major General Babagana Monguno (Rtd); Director-General, National  Intelligence Agency, Ahmed Rufai and Director-General, Department of State Services, Yusuf Bichi. Ministers in the meeting are those of Defence, Bashir Magashi; Interior, Rauf Aregbesola; Police Affairs, Mohammad Dingyadi and Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama. The meeting comes against the background of #EndSARS nationwide protests, which led to the killings of peaceful protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate. The killings were followed by massive burning and looting of properties, especially in Lagos. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. National Security Council FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. National Security Council Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!