THE Federal University of Technology (FUT) Minna, has handed over about 2.534 hectares of land to the board and management of Shelter Suites and Hotels Limited for commencement of the construction of N1.2 billion Hotel and Suites at the main campus of the university, at  Gidan Kwanu on Minna- Bida Road on the outskirts of Minna, the state capital. The Vice-Chancellor, Professor Abdullahi Bala stated this at the official handing over of the site to the company’s managing director and chief executive officer , Malam Faruk Aliyu  in Minna. He said the multi-billion-naira hotel project would begin with an initial 40 rooms at a location near to the university’s Golf Course, adding that the project of the Golf Course which would be of international standard, would be a continuous process. This, he noted, was in line with the desire to provide the required infrastructure, despite the paucity of funds in the institution, disclosing the need for partnership with the private sector to actualise the project. Professor Abdullahi Bala also stressed the need for good infrastructure for the university to boost teaching and learning as well as better service delivery as desired on the campus when completed. The vice-chancellor commended the company for the joint venture, saying, it would surely go a long way in providing services within and outside the campus of the institution as well as other benefits such as standard restaurants within the main campus of the institution. Earlier, Aliyu described the N1.2 billion hotel project as the first of its kind in Nigeria, adding that it was expected to be completed within a duration of 14 months before beginning operations. Aliyu stated further that the multi-billion naira project was an equity partnership between his company and the university as co-owner of the hotel and suites. He applauded FUT Minna’s management for providing the needed teaching and learning environment and a good business opportunity to strive. He gave assurance that the company would soon commence work on the project within the next two weeks after concluding its final documentations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!