Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the Maitama Market, Kubwa, popularly called Kubwa village market, carting away goods. This is just as the Nigerian Police Force deployed helicopters to tame the hoodlums. Recall that the hoodlums had already invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja, looting foodstuffs and properties belonging to the camp. Sources revealed that after the hoodlums finished looting the NYSC Camp, they headed towards the market which is a stone throw from the Camp. Tribune Online also gathered that the hoodlums also invaded the streets of Kubwa, extorting money from passersby. Windscreens and side mirrors of vehicles whom the owners refused to give the hoodlums money were destroyed. An eye witness, Precious Ayuba confirmed this incident to Tribune Online via a phone call. According to the source, the hoodlums got wind that COVID-19 palliatives were stored in the NYSC camp, but reaching there, they could not find any food item. The hoodlums started looting rice, sewing machine, foams, chairs tables, television and other properties they could behold. Recall that in Abuja alone, about 3 locations where COVID-19 palliatives were stored have been looted with NYSC camp being the latest. Hoodlums have been on the loose across the country, looting COVID-19 palliatives storage houses. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Hoodlums invade market FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Hoodlums invade market Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!