THE Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Pantami, has said that the Nigerian Data Protection Regulation (NDPR) is a tool for fostering developmental  regulation and ensuring digital economy. Pantami said this at the Public Presentation of the NDPR Performance Report, 2019- 2020, by the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) in Abuja, late last week. The NDPR, established on January 25, 2019, is designed to ensure the protection, prevent manipulation of personal data, ensure Nigerian businesses were competitive in the international space by safeguarding data through a legal regulatory framework, among others. Pantami explained that NDPR was formulated as a subsidiary legislation crafted to match all the foundation principles of data protection in line with global practices. The Minister also said that the regulation is an implementation tool for the eight pillars of the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy (NDEPS). “The first pillar of the NDEPS is Developmental Regulation and the NDPR gives confidence to citizens that their data is safe as long as they are innocent,” he said. According to him, the integrity of the digital economy relies on protection of data and the NDPR supports the development of digital economy. He further said that the developmental regulation pillar of NDEPS facilitates the enactment of appropriate legislation that ensures protection of digital technology infrastructure. “It enhances national security, supports issuance of converged regulations, and addresses multiple taxation for health business environment,” he added. He commended achievements through the NDPR, adding that it had created 2,686 jobs for Data Protection Officers and generated more than N2 billion in the first year of implementation. Pantami added that 42 African countries out of 53 who had formulated their data protection laws, made reference to the NDPR, hence recognising Nigeria as the giant in Africa. He, however, commended NITDA on the report and urged them to circulate same to the National Assembly, embassies, international agencies, government agencies, private sector players, the academia, other stakeholders for better implementation. Mr Kashifu Inuwa, Director-General of NITDA, said the concept of launching the NDPR in 2019 is beyond protection of personal data. Inuwa said it is helping the country diversify to digital economy and also in line with President Muhammadu Buhari’s agenda on lifting millions of Nigerians out of poverty. He mentioned that the regulation created jobs and licenses 70 Data Protection Compliance Organisations (DPCOs). “With the NDPR, NITDA was appointed as the Vice Chair of the African Union on Policy and Regulatory Initiative for Digital Africa. Mr Tunde Balogun, Convener, Association of DPCOs, urged NITDA to focus on enforcement of the regulation and leave its operationalisation to DPCOs. Dr Saidu Abubakar, Chairman, NITDA Governing Board, said that good achievements such as the impact of the NDPR should be projected more. Abubakar added that such achievements are improving the socio-economic development of citizens and the nation.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!