India has felicitated with President Muhammadu Buhari and the government and people of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on the occasion of the country’s 60th Independence anniversary. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Thursday said a letter delivered by the High Commission of India in Nigeria from the Honorable President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, on behalf of himself and the Government and people of India to the Nigerian leader, noted that “India and Nigeria have always enjoyed close and friendly relations,” adding that the “engagement is age-old, deep-rooted and multidimensional.” ALSO READ: Buhari’s Independence Day broadcast uninspiring, signifies nothing, say Southern, Middle Belt leaders The Indian President said further: “India and Nigeria seek healthy growth and prosperity for both nations and share common concerns, priorities and approach on major international issues.” According to him, “India is taking over as a member of the UN Security Council for the term 2021-2022. During this period, India would like to work towards a New Orientation for a Reformed Multilateral System (NORMS). “I would like to take this opportunity to thank Your Excellency for the assistance extended for repatriation of Indian citizens in Nigeria in the wake of COVID-19. I look forward to further strengthening of our bilateral ties.” The Indian President also wished President Buhari “good health and well-being, as well as for the continued progress and prosperity of the friendly people of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!