Police in Anambra State have arrested a 33-year-old man, Ejike Kanu, for allegedly defiling a seven-year-old daughter of his neighbour in Umuobom street, Okpoko, Anambra State. Tribune Online learnt that the suspect allegedly lured the victim inside his wife’s shop where he reportedly had unlawful carnal knowledge with her. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Haruna Mohammed, a Superintendent of Police, confirmed the incident. According to Mohammed: “On the 6/10/2020, police operatives attached to Okpoko Division arrested one Ejike Kanu, aged 33 years, native of Elugwu Mkporo in Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State but resides at Umuobom Street, Okpoko, Anambra State. “Suspect allegedly lured his neighbour’s daughter aged seven years old and had unlawful carnal knowledge of her inside his wife’s shop. “Police detectives visited the scene and took the victim to the hospital for medical examination where penetration was confirmed by the medical doctor. “Meanwhile, the suspect has voluntarily confessed and attributed his act to devil’s influence. Case would be transferred to the State criminal investigation department for discreet investigation as directed by the Commissioner of Police, John Abang, after which suspect will be charged to court for prosecution.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Man allegedly defiles Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Man allegedly defiles Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panelists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… Man allegedly defiles SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!