Abidemi Ayodeji Ogunmolu, popularly known as Bidemi Olaoba, one of the fast-rising gospel artistes in Nigeria, is set to hold the ninth edition of his concert on October 16. The online concert which started on 29th, March 2020 has grown to become, in a short while, one of the biggest online concerts in Nigerians. Olaoba is popularly known for his favourite scriptural quotation #TheBibleSays in his songs and during ministrations in Nigeria and other countries. ‘Unrestricted Praises’ was birthed by the artiste to create an avenue for people to praise God even during the lockdown, with the mindset that there were no restrictions to praising God. Olaoba has hosted eight editions of ‘Unrestricted Praises’ since the lockdown and has featured the likes of Woli Arole, Mike Abdul, Dare Justified and many other top acts. While speaking with Saturday Entertainment, his publicist, Tola Omosehin, said “easing of the lockdown is a bigger and better reason to praise God. That’s why we have planned the biggest edition of the concert ‘Unrestricted Praises with Bidemi Olaoba’, which will be held on the 16th October 2020. “The concert will be broadcast live on DSTV channel 349, GOTV channel 83 and would be live streamed on YouTube: Bidemi Olaoba” “Olaoba recently released a single titled “Bonjour”, a fast tempo song and he is set to release another titled “Akanchawa” soon after the concert, to keep the groove running so that people will always praise God.” This edition will feature Sammy Okposo, Buchi, Beejay Sax, Leke Adeboye, Eben and other gospel artists.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!