The Lagos State House of Assembly has set up an Ad-Hoc Committee to ascertain its level of damage and offer suggestions following the carnage that emanated from the protests against police brutality, The House also called on the President Muhammadu Buhari to intensify the move for all the creation of state police. It also called on the National Assembly to include State police in the amendment of the 1999 constitution. Members of the Committee set up by the House are the Deputy Speaker, Hon Wasiu Sanni-Eshinlokun, Hon Abiodun Tobun, Hon Rotimi Olowo, Hon Ajani Owolabi, Hon Ganiyu Okanlawon, Hon Victor Akande, Hon Rasheed Makinde, Hon Ibrahim Layode and Hon Akeem Shokunle. The House had embarked on the inspection tours of the scenes of the carnage which include the Lagos High Court, BRT Oyingbo Terminal, Fagba, Isokoko and Pen Cinema Police Stations, Oba Akiolu Palace, City Hall and Public Works Corporation. While debating on the issue, members took turns to condemn the carnage and deaths that occurred as a fallout of the protests. ALSO READ: All behind killing, arson, destruction in Oyo will be dealt with ― Makinde In his submission the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Obasa in his speech, saying, “The events that have taken over our state and by extension Nigeria within the past two weeks regarding the END SARS protests and its aftermath are such that call for concerns in their entirety. “You will recall that this House of Assembly was the first in the nation to identify with the cause of the youths asking for an end to police brutality in the nation. We unanimously threw our weight behind their movement by even coming up with lofty resolutions that were meant to readily address their agitations. “It is regrettable, however, to learn that the peaceful protest was not only hijacked by unpatriotic elements who don’t mean well for the populace but also brutally ended with the use of force that took place at Lekki Toll Gate on October 20. The single incident has reportedly led to the loss of lives and belongings, while some are also wounded. “While I may not say much about the Lekki Toll Gate as an investigation to the event is ongoing, its aftermath, however, which has brought about the wanton destruction of both private and government property, enterprises, arson and looting all over the country, particularly in our dear state, is pathetic. “Let me reiterate the position of the government on SARS, albeit. This police unit has been disbanded for good as we have been told by the Federal Government. However, citizens should rest assured that all officers culpable in any form of police brutality will indeed be brought to book. ” urge all Lagosians to imbibe the spirit of oneness. We should not allow the circumstances around us cause any division. “Let us all come together to rebuild our Lagos. And as the representatives of the people, we will continue to be on their side and always represent their interest in developing our dear state. “The state government also needs to take a step further to empower and strengthen the Neighbourhood Safety Corps with all the paraphernalia of security outfits. Also, I think if there is any time for our agitation for state police to be given the utmost attention, it is now. “As a House of Assembly, we aware of the effects of social media on the overall incident. Hence, I urge every one of us to verify information properly before sharing. Fake news will do us more harm than good. “It is on this note that I commiserate with all the people who have been affected in one way or the other as a result of the actions and inactions orchestrated by the protests. My heartfelt condolences go to all the families who have lost their loved ones. “Lagos State belongs to all of us and we should strive to protect its properties, people and the heritage that binds us together as a people,” Obasa posited. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!