No fewer than six people were said to have died at popular Apo Mechanic Village in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, following clashes between #EndSARS protesters and yet to be identified hoodlums. Houses, vehicles and shops were also set ablaze, according to the Tribune Online‘s findings. Witnesses said trouble started when some miscreants appeared and allegedly accosted the peaceful protesters at Kabusa village junction down to Apo market. It was further gathered that the demonstrators resisted the invaders who reportedly came with all manner of weapons, and instead of retreating from the scene, they (intruders) were bent on committing mischief, beginning burning vehicles on the road. Findings further revealed that the incident was said to have been extended to the mechanic village, where the hoodlums also attacked many people, burning shops and property within their reach. According to an eyewitness, who did not want his name in print, the shop and vehicle owners who felt aggrieved by the actions of the hoodlums, went berserk and started engaging the hoodlums which later resulted to the death of six persons. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. My Convoy Was Attacked By Political Thugs Not Protesting Youths — Oyetola Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola has said that, he was attacked by thugs and not protesting youths. In his broadcast to the people of the state this morning in Osogbo, the governor alleged that… #EndSARS: Six die, houses, vehicles set ablaze as protesters, hoodlums engage in Abuja Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.