The death of inimitable literary icon and playwright, Emeritus Professor John Pepper Clark Bekederemo has been announced. JP Clark reportedly joined his ancestors on Tuesday morning in an undisclosed hospital in Lagos where he had been receiving treatment. The Bayelsa-born poet and Emeritus Professor of Literature is the younger brother of former Federal Commissioner for Information and South-South Leader, Chief Edwin Kiagbodo Clark. In a statement signed by Prof. C. C. Clark, for the family and Mr Ilaye Clark, for the children and made available to journalists on Tuesday, Professor Clark died in the early hours of Tuesday. “The Clark-Fuludu Bekederemo family of Kiagbodo Town, Delta State, wishes to announce that Emeritus Professor of Literature and Renowned Writer, Prof. John Pepper Clark, has finally dropped his pen in the early hours of today, Tuesday, 13 October 2020. ALSO READ: LAWSAN president calls for IGP sack over death of protesters “Prof. J. P. Clark has paddled on to the great beyond in comfort of his wife, children and siblings, around him. “The family appreciates your prayers at this time. Other details will be announced later by the family,” the statement read. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. Prof Clark  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post-COVID-19. Prof Clark  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!