The Presidency on Sunday alleged that some Nigerians wanted to used the suspended organized Labour strike to avenge the 2012 ‘Occupy Nigeria’ protests, which it said, was seen to have weakened the government of the day and led to its ouster. It alleged that the individual and interest groups involved are hoping that the situation will influence the 2023 elections. The Presidency has, therefore, admonished citizens to beware of such people who are now unhappy that the strike was suspended to give room negotiations. A statement issued in Abuja by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity), which made the declaration, also affirmed that such people had perfected their plan to use the strike to unleash mayhem on the land by instigating civil disobedience. The Presidency observed that times are difficult and require all hands to be on deck, noting that President Muhammadu Buhari is keen to better the lives of Nigerians. ALSO READ: Police arrest 46-year-old man for allegedly defiling three underaged boys in Anambra The statement read: “Since Organized Labour toed the path of sense and sensibility last week, seeing reason with the imperatives of fuel price adjustment, and opening a further window of dialogue on the service based electricity tariff, some groups of Nigerians have been dolorous, disgruntled, and disconsolate. “They had apparently perfected plans to use the strike by the labour unions as smokescreen to unleash anarchy on the land, fomenting mayhem and civil disobedience. But the plan blew up in their faces, and they have been in severe pains since then. They have launched series of tirades against Organized Labour. “For some interest groups, their intention was to use the umbrella of the strike to further their whimsical and pie-in-the-sky dream of a revolution in the country. It went bust in their faces. “For some others, Bitter-Enders, who have remained entrenched in pre-2015 and 2019 elections mode, it was opportunity to avenge the 2012 Occupy Nigeria protests, which they believe largely devalued the government of the day, and led to its eventual ouster in 2015. “The strike that was to have come up last week, they wanted to use as opportunity for a pound of flesh, which they calculated would weaken the government so much, and influence the 2023 elections. For them, it was all about hanker for power, its trappings and appurtenances. Nothing about love of country. They have since then been calling Organized Labour all sorts of names, claiming they deceived Nigerians. “The times in which we live-with severe security, economic and social challenges-call for all hands to be on deck, and goodwill and support for government, as it strives to put the nation on an even keel. We commend Organized Labour for putting the country first. “Those sponsoring and encouraging discord and anarchy, either for selfish ends, or as revenge for perceived injuries, are enemies of the country. Nigerians are urged to beware of them, as the Muhammadu Buhari government is only interested in engendering better quality of life for the citizenry. Nothing more.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!