After months of closing schools following the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic, Ondo State government on Wednesday directed all schools in the state to resume for academic activities from Monday, 19th October 2020. The Chairman of the Interministerial Committee on Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state, Prof. Adesegun Fatusi, who disclosed this during a press conference in Akure, Ondo state capital, said the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has approved the resumption of students in tertiary institutions, primary and secondary schools in the state. Fatusi who is also the Vice-Chancellor, University of Medical Sciences, Ondo, called on the authorities of all schools in the state to abide with the COVID-19 preventive guidelines, as released by the state Inter-ministerial Committee to ensure the safety of staff and students. Fatusi hinted that the Inter-ministerial Committee on COVID -19 would conduct periodic monitoring visit to schools in the state, saying any school that fails to comply with the COVID-19 guidelines would be shut. He advised all the schools reopening to adhere to the guidelines which include: “Notices with the message, “No Mask, No Entry, must be boldly displayed at the entrance of the school and at strategic spots throughout the school compound. “Infrared thermometer must be made available and used to assess the temperature of each staff, student, and visitors at the point of entry into the schools “Handwashing devices with an adequate and constant source of running water and soaps must be available in schools and all individuals must wash their hands when entering the schools. He stated further that “alternatively, hand sanitisers with an alcohol content of not less than 70 per cent may be used while all individuals with high temperature or who show any form of illness must not be allowed into the school and written guidelines must be available in that regard.” Speaking on the sitting arrangement, he said seats in the classrooms and staff rooms must be separated with a minimum space of two metres or 6 feet “A COVID-19 monitoring team must be established in each school with the responsibility for monitoring and ensuring full compliance of all staff and students with the above-stated guidelines,” he said. Meanwhile, the Acting Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr Jibayo Adeyeye, disclosed that the state has recorded 12 new confirmed cases of COVID-19. According to him, seven of the 12 cases confirmed were symptomatic, while two of the cases were healthcare workers from Akoko South East Local Government Area of the state. He said four of the confirmed cases are from Akoko South East, three from Akure south, while Ileoluji-Okeigbo, Ose, Owo, Idanre and Okitipupa local government areas recorded each case. Adeyeye disclosed that a total of 1651 confirmed COVID-19 cases; with 25 active confirmed cases and 36 deaths were recorded in the state in the last six months. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest… Ondo govt reopens schools    Ondo govt reopens schools  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness… Ondo govt reopens schools  Ondo govt reopens schools  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19… Ondo govt reopens schools SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!