Oyo State government says its free medical and surgical exercise has provided free medical services to 16,000 persons and 1000 surgeries in 16 local government areas at the grass roots since it recommenced in November. Chairman, Oyo State Hospital Management Board, Dr Gbola Adetunji during a visit to Primary Health Care Centre Aafin, Oyo town, venue of the one-day per local government free medical and surgical exercise, said the exercise was to help ensure poor people at the grass roots can have access to quality healthcare services. Dr Adetunji stated that the programme, in furtherance of the state government’s plan to ensure health for all, has done on the average 60 to 80 surgical operations and offered treatment to 1000 people with different ailments in 16 local government areas. He added that such medical conditions such as hypertension, diabetes and infections like malaria and typhoid fever were also provided free drugs and referred to nearest government hospitals for further care. According to him, “the simple surgical procedures cover hernia in adults and children, including small swelling on their bodies. More complex surgeries may not be possible in primary health care centres because post-operative care is only possible at a higher hospital level.” Dr Adetunji, however, urged individuals to enrol in the state’s health insurance scheme at N8, 000 per individual to continue to benefits from health services with any stress or fear of payment when ill. Permanent Secretary, Oyo State Ministry of Health, Dr Muftau Ayoola stated that the state’s free medical and surgical programme which started before the COVID-19 pandemic, has over 80 health workers and it also provides health education on nutrition, personal hygiene and prevention of COVID-19 infection. According to Dr Ayoola, “Having observed that a lot of quackery in medical practice during the inspection and monitoring of private health facility across the 33 LGAs in the state, the free medical and simple surgeries exercise were organized to assist the underprivileged.” He declared that the exercise which started August 2019 before COVID-19 pandemic will round off the first week of November. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!