The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Sokoto State has revealed that a total number of 1,107 corps members in the state have successfully completed their one-year mandatory service in the state. The state coordinator Mr Philip Enabuere who disclosed this on Thursday at the passing out ceremony of 2019 Batch C stream one posted to the state also disclosed that one corp member died within the year According to Enabuere, four corps members have their service year extended for truancy and indiscipline while one corp member is to repeat the service year for abscondment. ALSO READ: How we ensure safety on our roads — Oyeyemi, FRSC corps marshal He further divulged that two corps members won State award while two others won chairman award for their outstanding performance in community development service. Enabuere showered praises on the outgoing corps members for their resilience and determination despite challenges and difficulties posed by covid19 pandemic saying that the ceremony was in low key due to coronavirus pandemic. “You know during the nationwide strike embarked upon by Association of Residence Doctors the corp members who are medical doctors in the state filled the vacuum in a teaching hospital and other hospitals in the state,” he said He called on all the outgoing corps members to be good ambassadors of the corps stressing that they should not forget the skills they acquired during the service year. He thanked Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, Sultanate council, NYSC state board and other stakeholders for their unflinching supports “We remain grateful to His Excellency the Governor of the state for taking the welfare of corps members posted to the state as a priority he added. He also thanked the security agencies in the state for their contribution to the protection of corps members. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nobel Prize in economics awarded to Paul Milgrom, Robert Wilson for auction theory American economists Paul Milgrom and Robert Wilson have been awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in economics for their contributions to auction theory, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said on Monday. Milgrom and Wilson, who are both professors at Stanford University in California, were recognized for theoretical discoveries that improved how auctions work. I am disappointed with Akure people ― Akeredolu Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has expressed disappointment for losing in the three Local Government Areas that formed the Akure division in the just concluded governorship election in the state. Akeredolu who stated this during an interview monitored on Channel Television said he was let down by the people of Akure, despite all the developmental projects executed by his administration in the area, but said the people of the area chose to vote against him. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!