Katsina State governor, Aminu Bello Masari has said that Nigerians have every reason to celebrate Nigeria as it marks 60 years of political independence, calling for more commitment and prayers for peace to prevail in the nation. He also called for more support to President Muhammadu Buhari to enable him to succeed in repositioning the country towards the path of sustainable development. The governor who stated this in his goodwill message to mark Nigeria’s 60th independence anniversary in Katsina on Thursday said the President needed the citizens’ sustained commitment and prayers to enable him successfully steer the nation through the numerous challenges confronting and even threatening its corporate existence. Masari maintained that although sixty years was not a long time in the life of a nation, the country has come along way in terms of infrastructural development. “We should be optimistic enough and view the nation’s developmental cup as half full, given the numerous false starts it has to contend with in the past sixty years of nationhood. We should also show more commitment and be prayerful to Nigeria,” Masari said. “Most of these false starts are the products of the fault lines that have defined the history of Nigeria as a single entity. For many in the leadership hierarchy and the led, considerations other than national interest take prime place in their hearts, placing Nigeria a distant second or even third,” he added. “Regional, religious and ethnic considerations have retarded Nigeria’s development as a nation. The advanced nations reached where they are today because their citizens have rallied in support of national interest, rather than some divisive considerations. “If we want to see Nigeria up in that league, we would do well to always put her first in our positive actions, inactions, utterances and thoughts. “Let me at the risk of sounding prideful, that we in Katsina claim the bragging right for the enviable role the state has played and still play in the political development of Nigeria. “Katsina more than any other state has played a key role in this journey, having produced many of the First Republic leaders of Northern extraction, most of whom were either indigene of, or schooled in Katsina at the famous Katsina Teachers Training College, the first post-primary school in the region. “The likes of the first and only Prime Minister of Nigeria, Alhaji Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa, the first and only Premier of the Northern Region, Sir Ahmadu Bello, Sardauna of Sokoto, the first Minister of Defence, Sir Ribadu, the first Minister of Lagos Affairs, Alhaji Musa Yar’adua and a host of other Nigerians too numerous to mention. “At no time in the political development of Nigeria are citizens of Katsina State not found in prominent roles in significant numbers from independence to date. Katsina is the only state to produce one Head of State and three Presidents. General Muhammadu Buhari was Head of State, and now second democratically elected President in his second term, coming after President Umaru Musa ‘Yar’adua of blessed memory. “In between, Katsina has produced heads and deputy heads of several commanding institutions in the country like the judiciary, the military, the police force, the Department of State Security Services and many other security and paramilitary organisations.” Masari said that “indeed, we in Katsina have every reason to celebrate Nigeria at 60 and pray for its continued success as one indivisible entity that sooner than later, will be up there among the top in the community of nations.” Tribune Online reports that though the holiday was observed in the state, the usual celebrations did not hold. Those observed in the metropolis were expressing their anger on the deterioration of security and economic hardships, saying “there is no reason for any celebration.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. | Nigerians celebrate independence | Nigerians celebrate independence | Nigerians celebrate independence | Nigerians celebrate independence | SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!