NATIONAL Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS), Oyo state chapter, has donated food items to the  management of  Oluyole Cheshire Home  (OCH), for people living with disability in Ibadan, Oyo State. The gesture formed part of the activities scheduled to mark the 15th  anniversary  of the body. Speaking during the official presentation held  on Monday,  the president of the association , Pastor Kayode Adeyemi, described  the ceremony as designed  to celebrate private sector involvement of the association  in the education  development process in Nigeria. He said: “Today is a significant day for the association, as every year,  we celebrate the downtrodden and people living with disability in the country.  In view of this , we have been to places such as the Mental rehabilitation home at Oyo , we  also visited  motherless babies home for the same purpose   to show them that the association care for them.” Adeyemi advised parents of children living with disabilities to take whatever God has given them by celebrating them, adding that in disability there were some unique ability when well nurtured. While receiving the food items, the management,  of Oluyole Cheshire Home led by     Adewumi Ojobu, appreciated the association for the gesture shown to the children in the home. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!