Governors elected under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday observed that there is clearly the hand of God in the election of Governor Duoye Diri of Bayelsa state following the Appeal Court’s reaffirmation of his victory. The Chairman of the PDP Governors Forum (PDPGF) and governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, made the declaration in a statement issued by Hon. C.I.D. Maduabum, Director – General of the forum, in Abuja. “The news of the Appellate Court victory did not come as a surprise because it has been obvious that the hand of God is clearly on the throne concerning Governor Diri’s leadership of Bayelsa state,” the statement said. The Governors’ Forum congratulated Diri, over the court verdict setting aside of the Bayelsa State Election Tribunal’s earlier nullification of his election as the Governor of Bayelsa state. The statement said the current affirmation of his mandate, necessary support, prayers and loyalty given by Bayelsans clear the path for him to settle down in the enormous task of taking the state to greater heights without any further distractions. The governors appealed to the Advanced Nigeria Democratic Party (ANDP) “and the unseen hands supporting them,” to also realise that there must be an end to litigation and it is time to allow Bayelsa Governor to move the State forward by delivering the good governance Bayelsa people crave for and deserve. They added: “We see this victory as a testimony to the gallant efforts already made by the Governor since he mounted the saddle a few months ago. “It is now left for Governor Diri to reciprocate the love of the people with the resolve to continue to do more in delivering democratic dividends to the people of Bayelsa State who have not only put their hopes on him but have also given their wholehearted trust and undiluted loyalty. We are certain that you will continue to rise to the occasion in the tradition of PDP Governors. “Your colleagues, Governors of the PDP and our great party, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP will continue to support you to succeed.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…God’s hand present  God’s hand present Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…God’s hand present  God’s hand present Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…God’s hand present  God’s hand present NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!