The President of Court of Appeal, Justice Monica Dongban-Mensem, on Thursday, constituted the Governorship Election Petition Tribunal ahead of the Ondo State election. This was contained in a statement issued and signed by the Secretary, Election Petition Tribunal, in Ondo State, Musa Bako, who said the tribunal will hear and determine petitions that may arise from the governorship election coming on Saturday. He disclosed that the Tribunal would be situated is at the Complex of the Ondo State High Court along Hospital road in Akure the state capital. The letter read: “Notice is hereby given that the Honourable President of the Court of Appeal has formally constituted the Governorship Election Petition to hear and determine petition that may arise from the forthcoming Ondo State Governorship Election coming up on October 10, 2020.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!