General Overseer of The Redeemed Christian Church of Nigeria (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, on Wednesday condemned the shooting of protesters by the men of the Nigerian Army, saying the actions of the military risk driving the agitations of the young people underground, thereby making the situation unmanageable. In a statement on Wednesday condemning the shooting, Adeboye called on the Federal Government to thoroughly investigate the tragic events at Lekki and other parts of the country, give justice to all victims even as it engages the #EndSARS protesters to reach a common agreement to end police brutality. According to the cleric in the six-paragraph statement: “I condemn in the strongest possible terms, attacks launched by the Nigerian military on unarmed young people who have been peacefully protesting police brutality over the last 12 days as #EndSARS protests. “I am confounded that prior to the sad events at the #LekkiTollGate, the Nigerian Police failed to arrest the weapon-bearing hoodlums who were attacking the well-organised and non-violent #EndSARS protesters. “The condemnable actions of the military risk driving the agitations of the young people underground, thereby making the situation unmanageable. “I call on the Federal Government to thoroughly investigate the tragic events at Lekki and other parts of the country, give justice to all victims even as it engages the #EndSARS protesters to reach a common agreement to end police brutality. “I am also appealing to the Youths to allow peace reign & stop any form of action that would give the Military any other form of excuse to attack. May the peace of God come upon our nation, now more than ever in Jesus name (Amen).” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Killing Of Protesters Means Army Has Replaced SARS, Says Soyinka Nobel laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka, has spoken over the #EndSARS protests and the killing of innocent protesters by men of the Nigerian Army, saying it seems Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!