Lagos State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has frowned at the claim made by the state government that it will need N1trillion to restore the destructions arising from the violence that trailed the #EndSars protests in the state, urging the State House of Assembly to be on the alert to reject any bogus request for spendings by the government. The state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, had, on Sunday, told the South-West governors and ministers, who were on a condolence visit to him at the State House, Marina, that the amount was projected for the state reconstruction, following the violence that trailed the #EndSARS protests in parts of Lagos. PDP made this call in a release issued by its spokesperson, Mr Taofik Gani, expressing doubt about the amount projected, even as it described it as an extortionate tendency. The party, while tasking the State House of Assembly on its duty, warned that the people would resist any form of approval for the levy, over-taxation or loan to source for the N1trillion. ALSO READ: DBN empowers 124 entrepreneurs at second training programme “The people will resist any form of approval for the levy, over-taxation or loan to source for the N1trillion naira. We put the House of Assembly on the alert to reject any bogus request for spendings,” Gani said. Faulting the claim further, the party’s spokesperson alleged that the money as projected was targeted at restituting infrastructure and businesses other than those of genuine victims per se. “The trillion naira is bogus and extortionate. Who and who will be restored. We specifically want to know whether the Lekki Toll plaza is amongst the costing. This plaza should rather be demolished,” PDP said. It, therefore, challenged the Sanwo-Olu led All Progressives Congress (APC) government in the state to make public every kobo and the beneficiaries as envisaged by the governor. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!