THE Centre for Gender Economics (CGE Africa) recently screened a documentary entitled “Thankful,” at The Innovation Hub, Yaba, Lagos. Thankful is a buttom-up research and filmmaking venture that sheds light on the experiences of elderly women in Itedo community in Lagos State, during COVID-19 lockdown. The documentary captured the gratitude of some of the women to three development organisations that came to their aid. They were thankful for their support during the lockdown, while also letting them know that they were still thriving. The CGE Africa, had, in January, started implementing a Women’s Voice and Leadership (WVL) project entitled: “Promoting Socio-Economic Inclusion of Elderly Women through Wellbeing Parties (WEP-4-SIEW)” in Itedo community area of Lagos State. Women’s Voice and Leadership (WVL) project is an initiative funded by the Global Affairs Canada through Action Aid Nigeria. It is a participatory research, capacity building and advocacy project that advocates for the wellbeing and rights of elderly women in home based care in Itedo community in Lagos State. According to the Executive Director of CGE, Uchenna Idoko, “The project seeks to draw public attention to the alarming rise of elderly women’s abuse in Nigeria’s communities over the past decades, focusing particularly on building the voice of the elderly to influence policies that will bring out sustainable care for all elderly persons especially women in Lagos State. “The programme is dear to us in CGE Africa. We are running two programmes, one in Lagos and another in Enugu. “The aged live and die for their children. They take care of their children and grand children, yet, they end up being abused and neglected in their old age. “Nobody talks about giving them supplements or age appropriate food. People give them carbohydrates instead of fruits, supplements and so on. “Many of them are locked up in the house and nobody engages them in social interactions. Since we started the project, they are always eager to attend our meetings instead of staying at home.” Idoko explained that CGE has been teaching the elderly women how to enjoy music again, how they can stay fit instead of living in a compact environment, on nutrition, sleep and rest and how to appreciate nature. To further reawaken their spirit and cause them to socialise more, Idoko said, on October 1, which was the Global International Day For The Elderly, CGE organised a football match between the elderly women and primary six students of Itedo Community Primary School.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!