A 29-YEAR-OLD woman who is seeking divorce told a local court in Lusaka, Zambia that her husband has been changing wives like shirts and that the woman he is staying with is his seventh wife. This is in a case in which Edith Mwalubemba, a businesswoman of Kanyama compound, sued her husband, Bernard Matutu, 35, a minibus driver of Mumbwa for divorce on allegation that he chased her from their matrimonial home and married another woman. The two got married in 2014 and have one child. Edith told the senior court magistrate, Abbyshine Michelo, sitting with magistrates Lewis Mumba and Esther Mulomba at Kanyama Local Court, Zimbabwe that  Bernard has been marrying on many occasions and that he was now living with his seventh wife. Edith said that  Bernard had a girlfriend who called at awkward times and that when she called her,  Bernard came at1:00 a.m , whipped and chased her from their matrimonial home. Edith further said that since she left on June 25, 2016,  Bernard had not come to see her. In defence, Bernard said that problems started just after a year and some months into their marriage. He explained that on Christmas Day in 2015, he found Edith drinking beer at a tavern and he beat her. Bernard said that after harvesting maize, Edith and his other wife connived and hid some of the crop at a neighbour’s place. The magistrate, Michelo said that  Edith and Bernard separated for a period of six months, adding that there were serious accusations which the court could not ignore for  Edith to remain in their marriage. He granted the couple divorce without compensation but  Bernard was ordered to pay child maintenance fee of K400 per month. Property jointly acquired were to be shared equally. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.