The Anambra State government says it is targeting over six million residents in the upcoming vaccination against yellow fever, meningitis, slated to commence on Friday across the 21 local government areas of the state, except Anambra West and Ayamelum LGA where flood is currently ravaging. The State Executive Secretary/CEO, of the Agency, Dr. Chioma Ezenyimulu, during a stakeholders meeting held in Awka, the Anambra state capital said the exercise would give opportunity for all children from the age of nine months to be vaccinated as well as adults below 44 years. The State educator of the Agency, Mrs Uju Onwuegbuezina, in her lecture, disclosed that the exercise would take place in schools, town halls, churches, markets and motor parks, among other places where eligible persons could be located. She called on all parents, including traditional rulers, clergies, to mobilise their families, friends and communities for the yellow fever meningitis vaccination exercise which would last for 10 days. The Traditional ruler of Egachiokwala community in Anambra West, Igwe Joseph Ejodo, who also speak, appealed to the heads of households, individuals, traditional and religious leaders to engage their community members to get vaccinated. The demand for the forthcoming yellow fever and meningitis Campaign in the state, was implemented by the UNICEF Consultant, Mr Adeyinka Adeosun. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!