The injured #EndSARS protesters have regrouped in Alausa and expressed their readiness for any further attacks from “hired thugs”. The protesters insinuated that the thugs were loaded in a BRT bus, belonging to the government with matchetes and sticks. The protesters had earlier scampered into different positions after armed hoodlums attacked them while protesting at the entrance of the Lagos State House of Assembly. Some of the injured protesters are being treated inside an ambulance, which was brought to the scene after the attack. One of the organisers of the protest, while addressing the crowd said: “Initially, we said that no more SARS, now we are saying no more bad government.” ” If they chase us and we run away ,we will come back and continue to to kill them with our peace .Many of us ,who came here this morning have been injured.” He also added that ” we will continue to be here .They ( the thugs)were able to penetrate us because we didn’t have the number.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Alausa protesters  Alausa protesters  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Alausa protesters  Alausa protesters  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…Alausa protesters  Alausa protesters SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!