The Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC) has posted 2797 polling units results submitted out of 3009 polling units as at 9:40 pm. Central collation centre may open earlier than expected. Ose LGA has complete result as at 8:58 pm. Ileoluji/Okeigbo and Okitipupa LGAs results are now complete. Total number of LGAs with results of all polling units submitted in the Ondo State governorship election are now six as at 10.03 pm according to INEC election results portal Using the new technology of Z-Pad, which allows results to be uploaded directly from the polling units to the umpire’s website where they will be accessible to the general public, as at 8.00 p.m. when Tribune Online checked the website, results had trickled in from polling units across all the 18 Local Government Areas, LGAs. of the state. Ondo State, according to INEC delimitation, has a total of 3009 polling units. The use of Z-pad began with the bye-election in Nasarawa State and the technology was used in the September 19 governorship election in Edo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panelists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… INEC posts 2034 results Lagos Assembly commends LASU for being number two in Nigeria The Lagos State House of Assembly has commended the Lagos State University (LASU) for its attainment as the second-best university in Nigeria, the 11th in Africa and one of the first 500 in the world based on the latest world rating of universities. INEC posts 2034 results SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!