The domestic equities market opened the week with mixed sentiments, as gains from large capitalised stocks were unable to lift the market on Monday. Trading on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) resumed the week flattish as the All Share Index (ASI) closed flat at 28,659.07 points. However, the performance was uptick as the Exchange recorded 20 losers as against 17 gainers at the close of the trading session. Thus, Month-to-Date and Year-to-Date gains were unchanged at 6.8 per cent. Specifically, tickers such as Guinness Nigeria, Guaranty Trust Bank, EcoBank Transnational IncorporationI and Ardova advanced by 4.75 per cent, 1.98 per cent, 1.10 per cent and 5.83 per cent amid investors buying interest. However, the performance was bullish across sub-sector gauges tracked as three out of five indices closed in green: the NSE Insurance, NSE Consumer Goods and NSE Oil/Gas indices rose by 1.09 per cent, 0.88 per cent and 0.54 per cent respectively. On the flip side, the NSE Banking and NSE Industrial indices moderated by 0.34 per cent and 0.14 per cent respectively. The total volume of trades decreased by 41.3 per cent to 287.30 million units, valued at N3.40 billion and exchanged in 5,132 deals. Zenith Bank was the most traded stock by volume and value at 43 million units and N905.35 million, respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. My Convoy Was Attacked By Political Thugs Not Protesting Youths — Oyetola Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola has said that, he was attacked by thugs and not protesting youths. In his broadcast to the people of the state this morning in Osogbo, the governor alleged that… Local equities market opens week flat Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.