Henceforth in Gombe state, any Engineer assigned to supervising any project in the state must be fully registered by COREN and must possess a practising license as a condition for pre-qualification in all engineering projects in the State. The declaration was made by the State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya while inaugurating the Gombe State Technical Committee (GSTC) and the Gombe State Expatriate Monitoring Committee (GSEMC) of the Engineering Regulations Monitoring by the Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria, (COREN). Inuwa Yahaya described Engineering as the bedrock of infrastructural development, saying that the profession has played a crucial role in the development of great countries the more reason his administration has taken concrete steps towards addressing the infrastructural challenges in the state. He said that from the construction of township roads to the land administration reforms and the enforcement of building codes and regulations, his government will continue to enforce regulations and ensure that engineering practices conform to the highest standards. He also noted that the emergence of the COVID-19 has added another risk factor to the practice of engineering, urging the committees to come up with appropriate guidelines to regulate the practice of engineering during the pandemic, in line with best practices. Inuwa Yahaya further said that for Nigeria to achieve its developmental objectives, strong emphasis must be placed on the role of engineering and other related professions. The Governor who noted that COREN performs a key role in ensuring that engineering practice in Nigeria is executed with strict compliance to relevant codes observed that, “From bridges to highways, water treatment plants to electricity plants, drainages to dams, housing and office infrastructure, the role of engineering in infrastructural development cannot be over-emphasized”. The Governor added that, “I understand that the inauguration of the State Technical Committee of the Engineering Regulations Monitoring by COREN is geared towards revolutionizing engineering practice in Nigeria and domesticating those best practices in Gombe State. It is my belief that with this development, there would be better regulation of engineering practice in Gombe State”. ALSO READ: Minister tasks NIMC to increase digital identity enrolment by 500% He then congratulated members of the committees for distinguishing themselves in the chosen profession, expressing the hope that they will justify the confidence reposed in them. Speaking earlier, President of the Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria, (COREN), Engr. Ali Rabiu said that the engineering regulations monitoring was first inaugurated in 1997 to ensure full compliance with the Council’s codes. The COREN President commended Governor Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya for allocating a piece of land to the Council on which its State office was constructed. He said the goal of the Engineering Regulations Monitoring ERM was to add value to whatever resources a State may have, especially in the face of the covid-19 Pandemic. The Gombe State Technical Committee and the State Expatriate Monitoring Committee are to be guided by the terms of reference which include : To locate and document organizations and practitioners and report to the Registrar and verify and monitor the professional competence of works approving Officers. To also act as COREN watchdogs on maintenance, upholding engineering codes and ensure that all such works are in accordance with engineering design and specifications by Registered Engineers. Others are to verify that all organizations working in the area of engineering contracting have at least an active Registered Engineer on their Board of Directors and observe and report cases of non-adherence to approved engineering codes of practice in respect of public and private works to the Registrar. It is To also report all defaulters and contravention of COREN Act to the Registrar and To verify that all engineering practitioners (local and foreign) in the engineering organizations have valid COREN practising license. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!