Worried by the increasing cases of violence being recorded in the ongoing protests against the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), unit of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the immediate deployment of the anti-riot police unit, the Police Mobile Force (PMF) nationwide. This was contained a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP). The statement explained that the personnel being deployed are to protect the lives and property of all Nigerians and secure critical national infrastructure across the country. It added that the IGP also ordered massive deployment of Police operatives to strengthen the security around correctional facilities nationwide. The statement said, “the orders are coming on the heels of increasing attacks including acts of arson and malicious damage to public and private facilities as recorded in some states of the federation including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT).” It directed the Commissioners of Police in the 36 states and Abuja “to identify and isolate law-breakers from peaceful protesters; immediately arrest and diligently prosecute such perpetrators of violence in their respective commands.” It further confirmed that 12 suspects have been arrested in connection with the attacks and arson on Police stations in Benin, Edo State on Monday, adding that five AK-47 rifles earlier stolen from vandalized Police stations have also been recovered. According to the statement, “the Inspector-General of Police calls on members of the public to avail the police with useful information that can lead to the re-arrest of the fleeing inmates, unlawfully released from correctional facilities.” It quoted the IGP as advising parents and guardians to prevail on their children and wards to steer clear of acts of violence and criminality as the force would henceforth exercise the full powers of the law to prevent any further attempt on lives and property of citizens. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.