A High Court sitting in Kano presided over by Justice Jamilu Shehu Suleiman has voided the removal of seven councillors who impeached the Kumbotso Local Government chairman, Kabiru Ado Minjibir. According to an ex-parte Interim Order, the presiding judge restrained the local government chairman, his secretary and the State Assembly from tampering with the tenure of the councillors whatsoever. It would be recalled that seven councillors had sometimes last month impeached the Kumbotso local government chairman Kabiru Ado Minjibir over an alleged gross violation of constitutional orders and misappropriation of huge millions of Nora Council Funds However, the chairman was alleged to have connived with the State Assembly to stop the impeachment and move to sack the perpetrators of the impeachment. But in an interim order granted to the plaintiffs and applicants, the presiding judge, Justice Jamilu Shehu ordered the dependents/respondents from interfering with the constitutional rights, functions and duties of the applicants as councillors representing their respective wards. The court also directed the chairman and all others to allow the plaintiffs/applicants to have access to their respective offices. He also directed the 3rd despondent, the council secretariat to continue discharging its constitutional duties and functions as councillors pending the hearing and determination of the motions on notice Also, the court restrained the local government chairman, Kabiru Ado Minjibir from taking any further actions and staying all actions pertaining suspension or removal of the councillors from their respective offices pending the hearing and determination of the motions on notice.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!