Delta State on Wednesday called for well thought out strategies to mitigate the prevalence rate of 1.9% of HIV in the state. Secretary to the State Government, Mr Chiedu Ebie who made the call in Asaba during the launch of HIV Self Testing Services expressed worries that the state was among the high burden states of HIV across the country. The self-testing, Mr Ebie said, was a new strategy to reinforce existing strategies and boost case finding for HIV and AIDS. He, however, stated that the state has achieved nearly 100% in case finding for HIV and enrollment into treatment within a period of ten months, while 90% of viral suppression rate has also be achieved. According to him, a total of 1.9 million Nigerians were living with the virus as at 2018 when the Nigeria HIV/AIDS Indicator and Impact Survey (NAIIS) was conducted, adding that the survey also estimated the national prevalence rate to be 1.4%. Speaking on the self-testing services, Mr Ebie said: “It has enormous benefits which include the availability of testing to hard-to-reach clients; reduction in stigmatization; enhanced accessibility; convenience and ease of use; guaranteed confidentiality; painlessness as there is no needle pricking; self-application; time-saving as clients do not need to visit the hospital or laboratory for testing, and results are available within 20 minutes,” he said. The secretary to the government who is the chairman of the State Action Committee on AIDS (SACA) urged stakeholders to evolve innovative HIV protection methods which he explained, would be vital in the overall HIV response. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!