Over three thousand #EndSARS protesters comprising celebrities and youths from within and outside Ebonyi State have called on the Inspector-General of Police to end to create a Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) and rather make police salaries work attractive. According to them, the salary increase will help to fight against wickedness, anger that are being exhibited by the security agents. The youth made the call in Abakaliki when they blocked the gate to the state government house chanting anti-SARS songs and bearing placards with various inscriptions including “SARS kills us more than Corona Virus” ” Crazy Jean no be a crime” “I am a producer I no be Yahoo boy” “Say I draw tattoo no make me a thief” and others called for an end to all forms of Police brutality. One of the lead protesters and a Nollywood celebrity, Angela Okorie who spoke to journalists at the Government House gate said she chose to spearhead the protest in order to guarantee the safety of the youth including her own son. According to her, many young lives had been wasted as a result of brutality unleashed by the Police against the youth, adding that criminality should not be judged by one’s fashion and hairstyle. She further noted that she decided to engineer the protest in Ebonyi because Ebonyi State is her home. Okorie said: “I am supporting the protest because I am a youth too, and I have a son, and I do not want my son to suffer tomorrow like every other innocent children killed on the streets for no reason.  “I want them to understand that because one is carrying dreadlocks does not mean he is a thief, and that you are wearing sagging jean, does not mean that you are a Yahoo person. “They need to understand that it is a peaceful protest, that we want them to end SARS. The bottom line is end SARS, end SWAT, end Police brutality.” Others who spoke in choruses including Steven Ugama, Kingsley Onwe, demanded a total reformation of the Police force with adequate psychological and other training to curb their excesses, adding that they reject both SARS and its transformation into SWAT. They also demanded justice for all victims of Police brutality by bringing all culprits of extra-judicial killings to book.  However, their mission failed to achieve the desired result as no government official from the government house came out to meet them after about over 5hours of waiting. After waiting for about five hours, the protesters refused to listen to the Special Assistant to the governor on security, Mr Ben Nwovu who attempted to address them, insisting that only Governor Umahi or his deputy can address them. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!