THE slump in net current transfers in Nigeria’s balance of payments (BoP), has shown that the household budgets of the huge Nigerian diaspora have come under enormous pressure. Analysts from FBNQuest who made this observation last week, noted that the national lockdowns in most advanced economies may have been a marginal factor although most remitting parties surely transact online rather than walking down to the local branch of Western Union. From the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) latest Quarterly Statistical Bulletin the net current transfers in the balance of payments (BoP) slumped by 32.1 per cent year on year  (y/y) to $3.9 billion in second quarter (Q2) 2020, and by 36.4 per cent quarter on quarter (q/q). It further showed that the comparable figures for net workers’ remittances, which comprise about 85 per cent of net transfers, were 42.2 per cent and 40.1 per cent. In mid-April the World Bank suggested that the decline for emerging and frontier states due to the virus could be around 20 per cent on an annual basis: in Kenya remittances have held up well, and in Pakistan and Bangladesh they have increased. “Net current transfers in Nigeria in Q2 2020 were the lowest for at least 12 years. In the last domestic recession that spanned for five quarters from Q1 2016, the decline was modest because the remitting countries were still growing,” the analysts observed. This time the recession is near-universal. The five countries that are the largest sources of remittances to Nigeria (US, UK, Germany, Italy and Canada) are forecast to contract by between -4 per cent (US) and -11per cent (Canada), this year, according to the IMF’s latest World Economic Outlook, released last week. “Their sharp fall in the quarter notwithstanding, net transfers in Q2 2020 were still far more important in financing terms in the BoP than net foreign portfolio investment (FPI; outflow of $80 million) or net FDI ($520 million). Other than the occasional surge in FPI such as Q1 2019, this has been the case for many years,” the FBNQuest analysts stated.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!