UNICEF Nigeria has delivered 3,640 cartons of Ready to Use Therapeutic Food (RUTF) worth N80 million to Jigawa State. Speaking while receiving the consignment, the Secretary to Jigawa State Government Alhaji Abdulkadir Fanini, who was represented by the Permanent Secretary, Cabinets Office, Muhammad Dagaceri, commended UNICEF for supporting the state in the procurement of the commodities. Alhaji Fanini explained that the state government is committed to the use of all necessary channels in tackling the menace of child malnutrition in the state. On his part, the Executive Secretary, State Primary Healthcare Board, Dr Kabiru Ibrahim, said the RUTF can be used in treating over 3,460 children with severe acute malnutrition. He revealed that the state government paid completely for the purchase of the RUTF while UNICEF mediated between the state and the manufacturing company for the supply. In his comment at the formal handing over of the RUTF, the chairman of Jigawa Coalition of Civil Society for Nutrition, Comrade Shuaibu Kafingana, described the delivery as timely particularly considering the challenges caused on child nutrition by Covid-19 pandemic. Kafingana promised to collaborate with state government, UNICEF and other community organisation to ensure quick distribution of the commodities to all centres for management of acute malnutrition in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace. Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!