GOVERNOR of Kano state, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has inaugurated a Stock Routes Demarcation Committee to further boost the implementation of the Federal Government’s Rural Grazing Area (RUGA) project in the state. The governor noted that the committee would help to consolidate on the peaceful farmers/herders relationship that has made possible in the state through the establishment of the RUGA Settlement project. Ganduje, inaugurated the committee recently, at the headquarters of the Kano Agricultural and Rural Development Authority (KNARDA) in Hadejia, Kano State. According to Ganduje, the committee’s duties includes to supervise the state’s local governments efforts to identify areas where routes could be situated. Other functions are to mobilise relevant stakeholders for the project, to assist KNARDA on the identification of potential routes, to improve community participation, to give security support and to assist with conflict mitigation. The committee, to be led by the Managing Director of KNARDA, were drawn from government and security agencies, traditional institutions, farmers and herders groups as well as Fulani associations. Speaking during the launch, Ganduje explained that the relationship between farmers and herders in the region used to be friendly. He said: “If you look at history, in those days there was no rift between farmers and herdsmen. “That was when farmers could invite herders to come to their farmlands and get food for their cattle. In return, farmers would get fertiliser for their farms from the visiting cattle.” He, however, pointed out that this mutual coexistence was reversed as a result of the impact of climate change. Ganduje submitted that troubles began when thousands of herders started migrating into Nigeria in search of economic trees to feed their herds. The governor also identified rapid population growth as another contributory factor to the farmer-herder crisis. “Because of the population growth, people began to encroach into the demarcated routes for cattle. With these two issues, the narrative changed,” he said. He further stated that his administration decided to establish a RUGA Settlement at the Dan Soshiya Forest in Kiru Local Government Area in a bid to address the challenge. He also disclosed that the state government sent 75 Fulani youths to Turkey to learn artificial insemination as part of efforts to change the orientation of cattle herders from a socio-cultural to a socio-economic one. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!