CONTRARY to the news going around the towns that the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has suspended its seven-month-old ongoing strike, the union has refuted the claim, saying it is a blatant falsehood. The union said its negotiations with the federal government officials over all their differences with a view to finding a workable solution for normalcy to return to the nation’s public university were still ongoing in Abuja, the federal capital territory. In addition, the union said reports on social media platforms that the Federal Government had released N30 billion for  Earned Academic Allowance (EAA) is not also true and therefore should be disregarded by the public. The Lagos zonal coordinator of ASUU, who is a lecturer at the Federal University of Agriculture Abeokuta (FUNAAB), Profesor Olusiji  Sowande, told Saturday Tribune in an exclusive interview on Friday evening that he was not aware of such strike suspension, noting that suspension or calling off of industrial action by ASUU had a procedure. Explaining the procedures also in a separate interview with Saturday Tribune, the chairman of ASUU at University of  Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, Dr Dele Ashiru, said it was only the National We have not suspended strike —ASUU Executive  Council (NEC) of the union that had the constitutional power to suspend or call off the strike which must also be subjected to the congress. According to him, the ASUU president had no unilateral power to suspend or call off the strike as the occupier of the office was not the one (but the congress) that declared the strike in the first instance. “So, ASUU is not Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) that goes to meetings and takes decisions that concern all members right at the venue of the meeting without tabling such before the NEC, let alone the congress, “ he stressed. Ashiru explained further that whatever the Federal Government put on the negotiation table with ASUU representatives at the meeting would still be referred to the congress of the various branches before the final decision would be taken. He said the N30 billion that the federal government said it would pay as earned allowances was a promise due for payment next January. He said government and the society were not being fair to the lecturers, saying “no professor in Nigeria earns up to  500,000 as salary monthly while a political office holder earns as much as over N10 million monthly. “So, ASUU strike is still solidly ongoing,” he stressed.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Awo’s First Daughter, Reverend (Mrs) Omotola Oyediran, Dies At 79; Buhari, Other Leaders Condole With Family The Chairman of the African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN) Plc, Reverend (Mrs) Omotola  Oyediran, is dead, the family announced on Friday. Reverend Mrs Oyediran was the first daughter of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo and Yeye Odua, Chief Mrs HID Awolowo. She was also the wife of the former Vice-Chancellor of the University… #EndSARS: Dialogue With Protesting Youths, Afe Babalola Tells FG The founder of Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola, SAN, has called on the Federal Government to dialogue with the youths protesting against police brutality and meet their demands. The frontline legal luminary advised President Muhammad Buhari to caution the Inspector-General of Police, Muhammed Adamu not to use confrontations against the protesters, saying acting otherwise could lead to a mass… My Advice To The #EndSARS Protesters – Doyin Okupe Our dear gallant youths, you have done well and virtually the whole nation is proud of you. You have accomplished much and you must gain maximally from this unprecedented national achievements. I want to particularly ask you to note that in all dealings with governments and sovereignties worldwide and throughout all history, including wars, everything ends on the negotiating table. Yes, it all and always ends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.