Katsina State Environmental Protection Agency (SEPA) has decontaminated over 5000 schools prior to reopening the schools on Monday. The state commissioner of environment Alhaji Hamza Sulaiman Faskari disclosed this to media men at a news conference on the activities of the ministry. The fumigation exercise which covers both primary and secondary schools in the state also includes private schools. ALSO READ: MTN investors rake in N1trn since April 2020 The ministry directed all Staff in 34 LGAs to ensure quick and qualitative Fumigation exercise, so as to allow students to participate fully in the school activities. The schools reopened today Monday 5th October 2020 after seven months closure due to COVID-19 pandemics. Governor Aminu Bello Masari gave the directives for reopening of the schools after a full assessment of the level of the pandemic which shows that the disease of COVID-19 is diminishing in the state. Masari, however, advised parents to provide their returning Ward’s with face mask, so as to control the spread of the disease in the schools. Tribune Online visited some of the schools in the state capital and noticed that the authorities disallowed students who failed to turn up with face mask from entering schools. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!