The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Kaduna State University (KASU) branch has expressed worries over the reopening of the University. The University lecturers said this is because the guidelines stipulated for the reopening of schools by the Presidential Taskforce /National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) were not met by the university. Speaking in a news conference on Friday, the branch chairman of ASUU, Comrade Tukur Abdulkadir remarked that 17 medical students were tested positive to COVID-19 recently. ‘It is on record that some weeks ago 17 out of the 50 medical students who were recalled for examination tested positive to COVID-19. Thus he maintained, “the reopening the university at this material time is tantamount to trading the lives of students and staff for the conduct of the examination.” Abdulkadir explained further, that the university has not carried out total and comprehensive fumigation of the entire campus and its surroundings. Also, he said adherence to wearing of facemask, physical distancing by students are not observed, saying steps are not taking to decongest the classes as well as the provision of screening and isolation facilities. Abdulkadir disclosed students have not been given time for the mandatory two weeks revision period, saying, this will have severe consequences on students performance and therefore undermine the examination. “As it will be difficult to subject examination questions for external moderation before examination by some departments. This is an important requirement for examination in universities in Nigeria as stipulated by NUC, he stressed. “Gentlemen of the press, it is clear that the reopening of Kaduna state university by the university management potent danger and health risk to citizens of Kaduna State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…Kaduna University lecturers The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Kaduna University lecturers The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84…Kaduna University lecturers His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Kaduna University lecturers  Kaduna University lecturers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.