Taraba State government has directed the state ministry for tertiary education to reopen all tertiary institutions under the ministry, effective October 2020. Commissioner for information and reorientation, Hon. Danjuma Adamu disclosed this to journalists on Friday in his office in Jalingo. Adamu stated that details on the date for resumption would be made public soon, as the government has already made available all necessary COVID-19 preventive materials for reopening of schools. According to the commissioner, all private tertiary institutions are expected to comply with the directive. Tribune Online reports that the state government had earlier in September 2020, directed the reopening of all primary and secondary Schools with strict compliance with COVID-19 protocol. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… tertiary institutions Lagos Assembly commends LASU for being number two in Nigeria The Lagos State House of Assembly has commended the Lagos State University (LASU) for its attainment as the second-best university in Nigeria, the 11th in Africa and one of the first 500 in the world based on the latest world rating of universities. tertiary institutions SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!