Security agents in Nigeria were on Wednesday charged to desist from abusing their constitutional responsibilities in the discharge of their duties by adhering to a high professional standard. Speaking in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital during the promotion of 169 officials of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), the Area Controller of Customs, Oyo/Osun Command, Helen Ngozi; the Comptroller of Immigration, Oyo State Command, Usman Babangida and the Director-General of Operation Burst, Col. Jap Oladepo (rtd.) harped on the need for security personnel to eschew acts capable of eroding public trust and confidence. They contended that it has become imperative to uphold integrity and tenets peculiar to all military and paramilitary forces in the country. Oladepo, who decried what he termed pervasive impunity among some security officers said, “in this our clime, lack of integrity is the bane. As NIS officials, you are the key to the integrity of our borders so, uphold the integrity. Let your promotion rub on your wives and your children because, without their stability, you can’t go higher. Remain loyal to the country. He stated “strive to make a difference wherever you find yourself. Don’t just take the promotion and then sit back or misbehave. Improve your spiritual life and use the advantage to improve the integrity of this organisation.” “The qualify of life you live is how many people did you touch. Let your promotion lie on building others. Wives of officers, take good care of your husbands; their job is very exerting. Take good care of them and give them good food,” Oladepo averred. In her remark, the Area Controller of Customs Oyo/Osun command, Helen Ngozi emphasised that “this promotion you have been given is higher responsibility, so make sure you carry out all assignments given with diligence. Imbibe the spirit of teamwork. You can’t tell your officers to arrive at a place by 8 am while you are sleeping at home. Show leadership by example. For you to earn your respect, live by example.” The Oyo State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Uche Chukwura underscored the need for the newly promoted officers to be disciplined, stressing that “It is a great honour to be given promotion. For those who are not promoted, your time will come. Discipline is the bane of every organisation. You were mentored well and so you must also work hard to mentor officers under you.” Earlier in his address, the Comptroller of NIS, Oyo State Command, Mr Usman Babangida, advised the newly promoted officers to see their promotion as a call to higher task in nation-building. Don’t Ignore Calls For Restructuring, Awolowo Dosumu Counsels FG Former Nigerian Ambassador to the Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, has admonished the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government not to ignore calls for a restructuring…constitutional responsibilities constitutional responsibilities Woman, Two Others Share Nobel Prize In Physics The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics. While one half was awarded to Roger Penrose the other half was jointly awarded to Reinhard Genzel…constitutional responsibilities  constitutional responsibilities FG Planning More COVID-19 Palliatives For Nigerians ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government is working on providing more palliatives to relive the pains of the COVID-19 pandemic on citizens…constitutional responsibilities  constitutional responsibilities NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!