The Chief Of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai, is presently holding a meeting with Principal Staff Officers and top Army commanders on the security situation in the country just as looting of private and public buildings still continues in some parts of the country. The meeting which is being held at the Army Headquarters in Abuja commenced around 11 00 am. Sources said that those in attendance included the General Officers Commanding of all the Divisions of the Nigerian Army, Commanders of the various Army Operations, Unit Commanders, Commander, Guards Brigade, and other top officers. There were fresh cases of looting of COVID-19 palliative items stored Ware Houses in Lokoja, Kogi State and Gbwagbalada in the Federal Capital Territory FCT Abuja earlier in the day. A top Army personnel told the Tribune Online in confidence that there was nothing usual about the meeting and that an official statement would be issued at the end of the parley if the needs be. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. security situation FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. security situation Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. security situation Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!