The Islamic Movement in Nigeria(IMN) said it has found it necessary to dispel the rumours currently making waves about the passing away of its leader, Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky. The group said its spiritual leader is not dead but alive even though he’s passing through serious health challenges which are not new to the public. “We believe the originators of the rumours and its circulation are government-sponsored mischief-makers trying to plunge the nation into further chaos.” In a statement issued by the Shi’ites spokesman, Ibrahim Musa on Sunday disclosed that “Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky was visited by his family members on Saturday, 24/10/2020 in the Kaduna Correctional Centre where he is being held on trumped-up charges by the Kaduna State government of El-Rufa’i. “While the Sheikh indeed suffers from potentially life-threatening health challenges due to injuries to his vital organs and the subsequent prolonged incarceration without adequate care, none of that is new. The statement noted that: “Clearly, this rumour is emanating from the government and its agents, intent on dragging and soiling the name of the Islamic Movement into their self-inflicted chaotic situation in the country currently, thereby causing further mayhem and unrest as a diversionary tactic. “Since the Federal Government of General Buhari has continued to contemptuously defy a Federal High Court ruling that freed him since 2016, it will be held responsible should any untoward thing happen to the Sheikh under any guise.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!