At least four policemen died in a lone accident which occurred around Oba Ile /Akure Airport road in the Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State. Apart from those who lost their lives in the accident, three other policemen who were seriously injured during the fatal accident were rushed to the hospital. Tribune Online gathered that the accident was as a result of over speeding while the driver of the vehicle lost control, somersaulted and crossed to the other side of the road. An eye witness said the Hilux van somersaulted several times before hitting a pavement while some of the policemen in the vehicle were flung out of the car. It could not be confirmed if the victims were returning to their base after the last Saturday governorship election in the state, as some of their personal effects were still in the vehicle. The Ondo Police spokesman, ASP Tee-Leo Ikoro, who confirmed the accident said he is yet to be fully briefed. A spokesperson for the Onde Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Omotola Ogungbawo, could not be reached for comments. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nobel Prize in economics awarded to Paul Milgrom, Robert Wilson for auction theory American economists Paul Milgrom and Robert Wilson have been awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in economics for their contributions to auction theory, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said on Monday. Milgrom and Wilson, who are both professors at Stanford University in California, were recognized for theoretical discoveries that improved how auctions work. Ondo road accident I am disappointed with Akure people ― Akeredolu Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has expressed disappointment for losing in the three Local Government Areas that formed the Akure division in the just concluded governorship election in the state. Akeredolu who stated this during an interview monitored on Channel Television said he was let down by the people of Akure, despite all the developmental projects executed by his administration in the area, but said the people of the area chose to vote against him. Ondo road accident SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!