AS part of activities marking the 2020 International Day of Older Persons,  a physiotherapist, Professor Efe Useh, has offered to provide free virtual physiotherapy assessments to Nigerian pensioners and other elderly people with low back and neck pain for the rest of the year. Professor Useh, a Nigerian physiotherapist based in South Africa is offering free services on the platform of Virtualphysio, an online physiotherapy care provider. All that the elderly person requires to do to access the free care is to call or send sms to +27739898869. A statement from Virtualphysio, said Professor Useh a Physiotherapist with over 37 years of national and international working experience, will be joined by other international virtualphysio consultants to evaluate and manage various conditions suffered by the elderly. These include body and joint aches resulting from poorly assumed postures when they were active at work; backache as a result of poor postures in general, long sitting and standing, job hazards etc. aching and heaviness of the neck which could be due to wear and tear around the neck bones; painful shoulders of an unknown origin, sprains of different joints and strains of muscles resulting in inability to use the affected part of the body. “Arthritis of the neck, back, and knees are also common problems of the  elderly. That could be managed,” the statement said. “We at virtuaphysio.org are aware that 2020 has been a challenging year for us all, and the impact of COVID-19 on the elderly in our societies has been devastating. “The economic impact on financing our healthcare by these groups that are no longer on medical aid or support could be overwhelming. For that reason, we have decided to offer a free service to these citizens to ensure an improved quality of life. “This provides our pensioners with any of the conditions mentioned above to be examined and managed simultaneously by multiple practitioners across the globe. “As we age, there is a reduction in functional and physical activities. Our joints begin to hurt, sometimes they are sore and painful or even swollen. Occasionally our hands, fingers, and toes begin to feel numb with a sensation of pins and needles. All these are usually as a result of changes in our bodies as we age. “These, however, need not impact negatively on the older persons’ quality of life. Virtualphysio will love to ensure this through our free management care for the elderly,” the statement further said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!