PHOTOS: Youths hold #EndSARS, #EndSWAT prayer rally at Redemption Camp.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. prayer rally at Redemption Camp FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. prayer rally at Redemption Camp Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. prayer rally at Redemption Camp Unknown gunmen kill former ATBU Director of works, ran away with his Honda Accord car Bauchi State Police Command has confirmed the murder of Engineer Hassan Sabo Jama’are, Former Director of Works, ATBU, Bauchi by unknown gunmen barely 24 hours after two people were killed in the same manner. Command PPRO, DSP Ahmed Wakili in a telephone conversation with our correspondent said that the late Hassan Sabo Jama’are was attacked and murdered by his assailants at about 10 pm on Sunday as he was about to enter his house at Tudun Salmanu. prayer rally at Redemption Camp With F-SARS proscription, democracy has come to stay ― Lagos Assembly The Lagos State House of Assembly has described the eventual proscription of the Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad (F-SARS) as proof that democracy has come to stay. prayer rally at Redemption Camp SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.