The sage and Premier of Western Region, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, (1909 – 1987) once said a day will come when Nigerian masses from the North and South, christians, muslims and animists will merge as a force for progress and unity. And kick against rigging, corruption and tyranny. This statement aptly describes the current situation of things in the country and the agitation led by Nigerian youths all over the country as a clarion call, literally demanding for a new Nigeria. A political analyst said in Lagos that if the protest could be effectively utilised by the youth, it has the potency of bringing about great reforms as recorded in America, Europe and other developed countries of the world while struggling for liberty and equity. Sincerely, the protest seemed to be diving in that direction considering the deployment of 21st century technology such as internet facilities among other social media handles. As a matter of fact, it is the first digitalised protest in the annals of the nation’s demonstration which should be handled with extreme caution and wisdom so as not to consume the nation adversely. The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye had commented at a symposium organised to commemorate Nigeria’s Independence in Lagos that Nigeria must restructure due to maladministration or risk disintegration. The clergy man’s advice and suggestion for restructuring coincided with the yearnings of some Nigerians both at home and in the Diaspora who had long been praying for good governance which has long eluded the nation for 60 years. Some social analysts said that the poor handling of the whole issue by the Federal Government in strategically dousing  the tension via dialogue and personal engagement irrespective of the fact that the youth had declined having specific leadership, further hiked the tempo of the peaceful protest, giving rise to a new twist in the youth demands. Lateef Ositelu Ogun State YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.