The Zamfara State government has approved the cancellation of N37.4billion promissory notes allegedly sold by the immediate past administration of former Governor Abdulazeez Yari in the state. Addressing newsmen after the state executive council meeting held at Government House Gusau today, the state commissioner for finance, Alhaji Rabiu Garba said the issue was deliberated during the meeting. “The state executive council has approved the cancellation of N37.4billion promissory notes sold by the past administration of former Governor Abdulazeez Yari.” He explained that the process for the sale of promissory notes was not properly followed by the past administration in the state. According to him, the state government has written a letter to President Muhammad Buhari, Inspector General of Police (IGP)and Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) seeking for help to recover the said amount. The finance commissioner disclosed that the amount in question was a refund made to the state for the execution of federal roads by the immediate past administration in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!