Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State, on Monday, appreciated award-winning teachers in the State with a house gift and cash rewards, as the World celebrated 2020 Teachers’ Day. The governor in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, said that a Junior Secondary School teacher at Abeokuta Grammar School, Mr Odegbola Ayodele, who won the overall Best Teacher in the State was given a two-bedroom bungalow. While Mr Adewale Abayomi, from Odua Comprehensive High School, Imoru, who was the Best Teacher in the Senior Secondary category was given the sum of N2.5m and Mrs Mary Adeyemi from St. Paul’s School II, Sagamu, who was the best Primary School Teacher went home with a cash gift of N2m from the Governor. He said the State government had formally instituted a yearly Best Teachers Awards in these categories to appreciate outstanding teachers in the State and those who have distinguished themselves in the course of carrying out their duties. Abiodun disclosed this while addressing executive members of the Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT), Academic Staff Union Secondary Schools (ASUSS) and All Nigerian Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS), to mark this year’s World Teachers Day in his office at Oke-Mosan Abeokuta. He said to encourage teachers for efficient service delivery, it is imperative to celebrate those who have shown creativity, dedication and hard work in the course of imparting knowledge to our younger ones. The governor noted that this would spur them to put in more efforts in educating the nation’s future leaders. “We will continue to celebrate innovation. We will encourage consistency. Our administration will continue to make the welfare of our teachers our priority. Our teacher’s reward will not be in heaven, but here on earth,” he stated. Abiodun used the occasion to call on parents to be more involved in caring for their children instead of shifting the responsibility to teachers as the development process of a child would not be complete without the involvement of their parents. “It is becoming increasingly clear that our children now spend the larger part of their days with teachers. It is alarming to see that in the pursuit of economic fulfilment, many parents have now have left their parental roles to teachers. “While I call for a rethink by such parents, but in the meantime, I will call on our teachers to help the situation by inculcating in the children, positive attitudes, ideals and virtues. Help us to protect the rights of our children”, the governor pleaded. ALSO READ: Over 200 persons arrested for indiscriminate waste disposal ― Oyo Commissioner He said the commemoration of the World’s Teachers Day is significant because it draws attention to the noble role of the teaching profession in nation-building in line with a standard-setting instrument that addresses the status and situations of teachers around the world. The Governor noted that this year’s World Teachers Day would identify the challenges teachers face in the practice of their noble profession, especially at this period of the global emergency of the COVID-19, adding that event was to appreciate teachers and also assess their importance as educators of the world so as to improve on their service for the humanity. In his remark, the Chairman, Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT), Comrade Titilope Adebanjo, while describing teachers as risk-takers and mind moulders, called for the introduction of Education Trust Fund to enable government address many challenges facing the education sector. The State Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Secondary Schools (ASUSS), Comrade Akeem Lasisi, called for the review of the free education policy to enable participation of parents and corporate entities in the fund the sector. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!