About ten people were feared dead in a late-night auto crash that occurred on Thursday night along Akure /Owo expressway road in Ondo state. The accident which involved an 18 seated commercial bus and a truck occurred around 10:30 pm at the Olu foam junction, along Akure/Owo expressway, Akure. A source who witnessed the accident explained that the trailer with registration number KJA 14 XW had a head collided with the bus with registration number USL 498 XB that was coming from the opposite direction while avoiding a collision with an okada rider. ALSO READ: FTAN, HOFA, ITPN, HATMAN rally support for NIHOTOUR DG She said the trailer crushed the okada rider before colliding with the bus killing some of the passengers in the 18 seater bus while many others were seriously injured including four underage children. Sympathisers and residents who rushed to the scene of the accident to rescue the injured and rushed them to the hospital. Some officers of the Federal Road Safety Corps also rushed to the scene evacuate the victims to the Ondo State Teaching Hospital in Akure while the corpses of the deceased were deposited at the morgue of the hospital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. auto crash The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. auto crash His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness. auto crash  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!