In spite of the 24 hours curfew imposed in two local government areas of Plateau State, miscreants on Sunday broke into the house of the former Speaker of House of Representatives, Hon. Yakubu Dogara in search of palliatives while the warehouse of Plateau Agricultural Development Programme was also attacked. Tribune Online learnt that the miscreants in their large numbers broke into Dogara’s house located near Jos University Teaching Hospital at about 10 am on Sunday, attacked his brother before ransacking the entire premises. A source close to the house revealed that some people living within the vicinity of the house were molested while valuables were carted away. The miscreants on a looting spree also attacked Plateau Agricultural Development Programme warehouse where they carted away fertilizer, pumping machines and other agriculture implements. At the Standard Newspapers, after they discovered no palliatives materials were stored there, they vandalized the premises smashing windows, cars and other things on site. Speaking with newsmen on Sunday, Mr Paul Jatau said the hoodlums destroyed the building and vehicles belonging to members of staff of the company. According to him, the prompt intervention of the security agencies brought the situation under control. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!