The Member representing Obokun/Oriade Federal Constituency of Osun State under the umbrella of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Rep Busayo Wole Oke on Wednesday said that the mere change of name of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad SARS of the Nigeria Police Force NPF Unit to a Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) squad would not end Police brutality against the citizens of Nigeria as being envisaged. In a statement he made available to news men in Abuja in reaction to the change of name of the defunct outfit by the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu , the lawmaker pointed out that Police brutality against citizen was not only rooted in SARS or FSARS but a total haulage of Nation’s policing system. Rep Oke who is also the Chairman, House Committee on Public Accounts stated that both the Federal Government and the Police authorities should look deeply into certain key areas such as discipline and welfare of the personnel of force passionately. According to him, “Police personnel must be earning a living wage, increase their salary so that they are adequately compensated for protecting the lives and properties of citizens, give them decent accommodation and adequate medical care “A situation where other Para-military personnel earn more than the police should be discouraged, an average Police Officer work more than a Military personnel ,yet underpaid. “The Police should be removed from the Pension contribution scheme just like the Military and other Security Services Community or in the alternative the Federal Government should bear the cost of their own contributions to the scheme “Budgetary allocation to the Police Force from the Headquarters to the Divisional levels should be implemented to the latter; a Policeman should live in a decent accommodation, have access to sound medical care , good mode of transportation , appear decent and good uniform to be provided by the government. “There must be subsidy for the education of at least two children and a maximum of four children. if the government can do all these things , we will have a committed and disciplined Police Force. of our choice, SARS or SWAT is just an appellation,” he stressed. The lawmaker commended the nation’s Youths and other Nigerians who were in the forefront of the #EndSARS campaign for their courage and patriotism. He however, appealed to those still protesting on the streets not to be violent just as he urged the police to avoid manhandling protestors adding that “the protesters are only exercising their constitutional rights and must not be subjected to any form of inhuman treatment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Mere change of name  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Mere change of name  Mere change of name  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…Mere change of name  Mere change of name SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!