The Chairman/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Honourable Abike Dabiri-Erewa, on Thursday, condemned in strong terms the killing of a Nigerian by three men allegedly all Libyan Nationals who stormed a factory in the country. In a statement issued and signed by Gabriel Odu of Media, Public Relations and Protocol Unit of NIDCOM, and made available to newsmen in Abuja, Honourable Dabiri-Erewa described the act as dastardly, beastial and unacceptable. She, therefore, called on the Libyan authorities to apply the full weight of the law on the suspected killers. Meanwhile, a statement by the Libyan Interior Ministry has condemned the act, insisting that it is a new wave of violence on migrants in North Africa. The United Nations has also described the Killing of the Nigerian man as another senseless crime against migrants in the country. In the meantime, the full identity of the Nigerian man set on fire by petrol has not been made known as investigations and interrogations of the suspected attackers who are in custody are ongoing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. NIDCOM Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. NIDCOM Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… NIDCOM SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!