Despite the light rainfall in some areas Ondo North senatorial district of Ondo State, voters trooped out in their numbers to exercise their voting right in the ongoing governorship election in the state. Electoral officials arrived at most of the polling units in Owo and its environs before 8 am with materials while voters were seen on queue ready to cast their votes. In Ayegunle Oka in the Akoko South West, most of the voters complied with COVID 19 protocol and maintaining social distance as they are ready to cast their vote. Security operatives were seen in every polling units to maintain peace at every unit, with at least four police officers at every unit. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… Voting commences in Ondo North #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. Voting commences in Ondo North SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!