One of the problems Nigerians in most parts of the country still face today is flooding. It is no longer news that people’s homes are flooded especially during rainy seasons. It is not also difficult to see the devastating experiences people go through when it rains. The flooding in some states across the country is nothing but a manifestation of poor management of our environment. The recent flooding in places like Sokoto , Kogi, Lagos and Bayelsa states, among many others, didn’t only come as a terrible nightmare but it also brought a mild and total discomfort to the inhabitants of those areas. However, it is important to question the commitment of the government in treating this issue with utmost importance. With no or little arguments, it is not difficult to see how most Nigerians turn road paths to dumping sites especially during rainfall as a result of poor waste management. People also build on waterways which shouldn’t be. Both the government and the governed cannot continue to overlook the devastating effects of flooding. It is very incumbent on the government and the people to see to preventing our environment from flooding. As a matter of urgency, national agencies such as National Orientation Agency (NOA) , National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and others should wake up to their duties in developing mechanisms to preventing this issue of flood. In a bid to prevent Nigerians from living in the apprehension of seasonal rainfall, proper awareness must commence the frontline of both our environment and even waste management. Organisations and other institutions should also embark on advocacy for good environment and this commitment must be reiterated. Ishola Akinwale Victor, victorakinwale2@gmail.com. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Save our environment  Save our environment Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Save our environment Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Save our environment NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!