IT was a bleak Sunday in Lagos as six persons were confirmed dead in a building collapse at Obalende area of the state. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), in its situation report, said 10 others were injured and treated with minor injuries, while five seriously-injured persons exhumed from the building were transferred to the hospital. The collapsed building is located at Number 62, Odo Street, Obalende. According to LASEMA, the three-storey building was under construction when it partially collapsed. The cause of the collapse is yet to be ascertained, but LASEMA said efforts were already ongoing by it and other responders towards salvaging the situation. “As of 6:55 p.m., a total of 10 people (all males) have been extricated alive by the LASEMA Response Team and other stakeholders, and have been attended and quickly transferred to the hospital by LASEMA paramedics for further medical attention,” Nosa Okunbor, LASEMA’s Head of Public Affairs, said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!