Sokoto State governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, has revealed that the state government needs over N20 billion to fix the damages caused by this year’s flood disaster. This according to him comprises of N15 billion required to construct roads and bridges, washed away by the flood and over N5 billion needed for intervention to victims, most of them farmers, as a remedy to mitigate their sufferings. The governor said the cost implication of the damages caused on roads, bridges by the flood exclude that of damages done to primary health centres, clinics, dispensaries and other structures. According to a statement signed by his special adviser on media and publicity, Muhammad Bello, and released to a journalist in the state on Tuesday. Bello said the governor was speaking while receiving a report from the Dr Muhammad Jabbi Kilgori-led special committee on flood disaster management held at the council chamber of Government House, Sokoto. it will be recalled that the committee set up about a month ago was mandated by the state government to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the magnitude and impact of this year’s flooding, to source data on the damages wrought on farmlands and livestock as well as recommend ways forward to assist farmers to mitigate the suffering. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Police arraign ex-lawmaker, 4 other PDP chieftains for alleged arson in Ekiti Meanwhile, Governor Tambuwal said his administration will act promptly on the implementation of the recommendations of the Kilgori Committee by immediately mobilising resources. He thanked the chairman and members of the committee for their commitment, hard work and completion of the job successfully. Earlier in his address, the chairman of the committee Dr Kilgori, said the committee swung into action after its inauguration by forming a technical team in each of the three senatorial zones in the state. He said in each of the affected areas the team interacted with community leaders, farmers affected, traditional rulers, and also inspected the flood-affected areas, thus generating comprehensive data on the damages. Dr Kilgori said over 24,300 hectares was washed away by the flood affecting over 14,000 farming families, which include farmlands, livestock, fisheries and other resources. Among the interventions recommended by the committee to remedy the situation is; procurement of fertilizer, pesticides, water pumping machines, seedling, sprayers among other farming inputs as well as other recommendations that will address the causes and recurrence of the flood disaster. The chairman expressed appreciation to the state government for appointing them to serve in the committee. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!