Re-elected governor of Ondo State has advised deputy governor of the state, Agoola Ajayi, to resign from the post if he has honour. Ajayi dumped the All Progressive Congress (APC) under which he was elected with Akeredolu and ran for the office of the governor under the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in the just concluded election without resigning from his post. Speaking to State House corespondents in Abuja after being presented to President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday on his victory, Akeredolu called on the deputy governor to vacate the post. He said even if Ajayi does not resign, his days are numbered as a new administration will soon be sworn in in February. Akeredolu also said that if Ajayi is contrite, he is ready to receive him with open arms. The Ondo governor also described his declaration of some prominent Ondo indigenes as his enemies for life as a political statement, saying that having won the election, he has no need to keep enemies. When asked how he will cope with as Agboola continues in his post, Akeredolu said: “Well, I am sure as journalists, all of you would have watched that film, ‘Living with an Enemy.’ There is a way you will live with your enemy and there is no problem. “Now that we have drubbed him sufficiently well, he will probably be able to come back and at least apologize for his sins. BREAKING: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters “If he is contrite, there is no problem. God has given us victory. Who am I to harbour enmity against anybody, it is not necessary. So, if he comes back…if he has honour anyway, he should resign and leave as deputy governor. If he has honour. “But if he decides not to, if opportunities are there, I am sure the party will take a decision on him because he is no longer in our party, he has gone to another party. “He has been in three parties within a month, wonderful man! From APC to PDP, from PDP to ZLP, he is a wonderful man. “So, for me, I have nothing against him but I can tell you, we will be able to live with him if he wants to remain that way. If he stays back in his ZLP, we will live with him. It will soon fly off, the days he is thinking that is long is not long, his days are numbered. Another journey will start in February.” Speaking on those he referred to as his enemies for life, Akeredolu stated: “All those things are political statements. Do I want to have enemies for life? I say no. “Now that God has done it, he has proven to everybody that He is God, so who am I to keep enemies for life? They are welcome any day, there is no problem. I don’t have enemies for life any longer.” Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu The re-elected governor praised his colleagues in the APC for rallying behind him to win the election, noting that his victory showed the necessity to remain united. He added: “All of us went to the battle in unity. And it is clear to us that when we are united, no force can move us. APC is a very strong force. We are a strong party in this country. “So, we have gone to prove in Ondo that Ondo is not Edo. They were dreaming. Now, they must have woken from their slumber. Ondo is not Edo. We have proven that. “This is only possible with all of us working together, all the governors, the Bagudus of this world, the Badarus of this world, Fayemis of this world, Sanwo-Olus of this world, the Yahaya Bellos of this world, all of us went there to fight a good battle. And I’m sure Mr President was happy. “He also stated that ‘when we are united, we will always win.’ And it’s a proof. All of us have decided that we will continue to be united. And all aspirants with me in Ondo did tremendously well. All worked together to make us win. “This is a win that will ensure continuity, it’s a win that will make sure that all of us, the APC family is well received.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!