Bitcoin poker popularity nowadays Over the years Bitcoin poker became super-popular among gamblers who are familiar with online casinos. Bitcoin gambling has plenty of undeniable advantages compared to other payment methods. Transactions with Bitcoin are much faster, they are very safe as well as secured, and usually, there are no casino fees for gamblers. Bitcoin poker is played the same way as traditional online poker. Basic poker rules are easy to understand. Explaining poker in general, let’s talk about its most popular variation called Texas hold’em. This type of game is easy and fast to play. More than half of beginners start their way in the poker industry from Texas hold’em. The rules of this poker variation are simple. At the beginning of Texas hold’em a player gets two cards from a dealer. They are lying face down and called the ‘hole cards’. Then several betting rounds proceed, and five more cards are dealt on a table face up. These will be ‘community cards”, which any player can use in any combination. A five-card combination of cards is called the “poker hand”. How to play Bitcoin poker If you want to play poker with Bitcoin there are some initial steps to follow. First, you need to purchase cryptocurrency and create a Bitcoin wallet. Many trustworthy wallets are creating via online resources, such as Exodus (good for beginners), Mycelium (perfect for mobile phone), ledger Nano X (one of the best hardware wallets), Trezor Model T (one of the best universal wallets), Electrum (great, but not for the beginners). Electrum: Best Hot Wallet for Advanced Users. Pay attention, credit card, and special websites are not the only ways to purchase bitcoin. You can get free BTT while shopping online, or taking surveys, or start mining cryptocurrency by yourself. Once you have a BTC wallet with some Bitcoin in it your following step will be choosing a reliable online casino, registering an account, and choosing the Bitcoin poker variation you find most attractive. A great way to try online poker with no risk is to start with demo-version first. All reliable online casino websites have this option. Once you get familiar with the game, you can start betting Bitcoins and play. Bitcoin gambling benefits There are plenty of reasons why Bitcoin poker and crypto gambling itself is becoming more and more popular. Instead of credit cards with their variety of limitations for online casino operations, cryptocurrency has a decentralized financial control system. This makes Bitcoin very suitable for use in gambling. Also, there are such advantages of bitcoin using in gambling as:  Poker game variations To date, this easy and catchy game has numerous variations, but the most popular of them are such poker types: A player receives two down cards at hand (“hole cards”). Then betting starts. Three board cards are turned one by one. Then another round of betting starts. Then two board cards are turned at once. After each of these cards, a round of betting begins. All the board cars belong to the table community. So the player can use any combination of five cards from among hole cards and board cards. He can use the board cards only to form a combination. This variation grows from Texas hold’em poker. A player receives from a dealer four cards in hand. Two of these cards he can use in a combination with three “community cards”. There is a possibility to win before the game ends in case all the players except one fold their cards. This early variation of poker popped-up during the American Civil War. In the beginning, a player gets two cards. One card is face down another one is face-up, then a betting round starts (it is called “street”). After that, the player gets another card face up. The game goes on until the player has four cards face up and one card face down. Then the final bets provide. In the end, the fifth card is shown to define a winner. Useful online poker tips Some people might think online poker is simply a game of luck where you cannot develop a strategy. But this is absolutely not true. Great poker players’ winnings are the results of a combination of fortune and hard gaming skills. This essential rule will boost your poker skills. Analyzing your winnings and especially your losses after the game will help you to realize your mistakes and avoid them in the future. This rule is not related to players who play poker in land-based casinos but can be critical to online poker gamers. There is an attractive hypothetical possibility of multi-winnings when playing multiple tables. However, unfortunately, the truth is it is extremely hard to keep in mind so many combinations. Explore different poker resources, read books, watch tournaments, investigate its history. Dig as deep as possible. Become a poker geek. A professional poker player has many skills and one of them is an ability to lay a good hand down in case he is calculating these cards are beaten. You can perform successfully when you feel good and the opposite mood can bring you losses. Do not start playing if you feel sad or frustrated. Wrap Up Bitcoin poker has many variations and plenty of casinos offer gamblers this type of game. Choosing a reliable gambling platform and being aware of your bets will make your first steps in online poker successful.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Adeboye Declares 30-Day Fasting And Prayer Over Situations In Nigeria Apparently worried by the current situations in Nigeria, General Overseer of The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, on Tuesday declared a 30-day fasting and prayer across the country. Nigeria has in the past week been embroiled in a series of crises which started with the protest against police brutality now widely known as #EndSARS protest and also the shooting of protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate on… NLC Tasks FG To Investigate Those Who Hoarded COVID-19 Palliatives The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has called on the Federal Government to investigate the conduct of government officials, who hoarded the COVID-19 palliatives and relief welfare materials and provisions, which should have been distributed to the masses during the… UK To FG: Investigate Lekki, Bring Culprits To Book The British High Commission in Nigeria has asked the Federal Government of Nigeria led by President Muhammadu Buhari to investigate all  incidents associated with the #EndSARS protests including that of Lekki toll gate. The commission in a tweet on Monday evening said it is also concerned over the spate of looting… Senate Probes N848m, $1.5m Scandal In Foreign Affairs Ministry The Senate Committee on Public Account chaired by Senator Mathew Urhoghide is investigating alleged financial scandal of N848 million and $1.5 million respectively by officials of  Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Tel-Aviv, Israel. The Senate investigation was a sequel to the report of the Auditor General of Federation, Anthony… Lagos Attacks Meant To Weaken South-West Economy —Governors GOVERNORS of the South-West states and ministers from the zone on Sunday toured public assets and private properties destroyed in Lagos last week and said the coordinated attacks had exposed the region to economic annihilation. Led by its chairman and Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, the governors said the regression into savagery exposed the vulnerability of the South-West to manipulation by divisive elements bent on… Lekki: The Story Of Bashorun Gaa Everything Nigeria finds impossible to do, the Lekki protesters did. Orderliness, organisation, security, equity and equality. They forged peace and flaunted it with good music. They provided electricity for protesters to charge their phones. Food was available; there was water for all. There was no class, no creed. Everyone… Tell My Mother I Was Unarmed THE youth have spoken. Vox populi, vox Dei. Tired of seeing their future being mortgaged by philistines, our youth have decided to take their future into their own hands. We may neither understand nor even empathise with them; but we can never wish them… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!