The Edo State Government, on Thursday, announced the review of the 24-hour curfew imposed on the state on Monday, following the violence that arose in the course the #EndSARS protest, which was highjacked by some angry youths in the state. According to the review, the curfew has now been relaxed to commence from 4 pm to 6 am daily, starting from Friday, October 23, and would be reviewed after 72 hours, as against the 24-hour tenure announced when the measure was taken. The state government, in a statement endorsed by the Special Adviser to Governor Godwin Obaseki on Media and Communication Strategy, Crusoe Osagie, appealed citizens to adhere strictly to the new directive. The statement reassured that the Obaseki administration remained committed to the security of lives and property and further enjoined Edo people to go about their normal businesses and return home before the kick-off of the curfew. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. My Convoy Was Attacked By Political Thugs Not Protesting Youths — Oyetola Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola has said that, he was attacked by thugs and not protesting youths. In his broadcast to the people of the state this morning in Osogbo, the governor alleged that… JUST IN: IGP Lists Requirements As Training Of SWAT Officers Begins Monday The training of the officers of the recently created Special Weapons and Tactics Teams (SWAT) unit by the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) in place of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) will commence on Monday in Osun and Nasarawa States. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!