Seventy-one suspected hoodlums who allegedly looted COVID-19 palliatives at Agro Mall and Cargo Terminal in Ilorin, the Kwara State capital were on Tuesday arraigned at an Ilorin Magistrate Court. The suspects were charged for criminal conspiracy, trespass, belonging to a gang of thieves, mischief, voluntarily causing grievous hurt, theft and disturbance of public peace. The Police prosecutor, Inspector Nasir Yusuf, told the court that the defendants were arrested on Friday and Saturday at the Agro Mall and Cargo Terminal when they were looting the palliatives. He said that investigation was still ongoing over the matter while he left the bail of the suspects to the discretion of the court. Magistrate Mohammed Ibrahim, who presided over the matter, however, granted the suspects bail in the sum of N200,000 each and two sureties in the like sum while the matter was adjourned till November 18, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). looters | looters | looters | looters | Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!