Following the build-up of fuel queues in filling stations in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), on Tuesday, said it has 60 days guaranteed supply of the Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) popularly referred to as petrol. Currently, it said it has over two billion litres of fuel in stock, hence the need to stop panic buying. The Corporation gave the assurance via its Twitter handle. It wrote: “There is no need for panic buying, rest assured that the NNPC has over 2bn litres of premium motor spirit in stock to guarantee steady supply and at least 60 -day-product supply sufficiency.” Fuel queues had since yesterday resurfaced in most filling stations in Abuja, a menace the NNPC Spokesperson, Kennie Obateru, had blamed on the #EndSARS protests which hindered tankers from moving to States to supply fuel. Similarly, the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), has assured motorists of availability of petroleum products even as it advised them against panic buying. IPMAN National Public Relations Officer, Suleiman Yakubu, said that the long queues in some parts of Abuja were due to fear of attacks by hoodlums. He dispelled rumours of fuel scarcity saying: “There is no fuel scarcity; just that some fuel station owners are scared of their property being damaged. People should not fear and do panic buying as there is enough fuel on the ground.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… Fuel queues: We have 60 days guaranteed supply of petrol, says NNPC Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!