President Muhammadu Buhari has directed that all those responsible for the misconduct or wrongful acts be brought to justice. He has also assured that disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) is the first step to extensive police reforms by his administration. The president spoke at the presidential villa, Abuja at the launch of the Presidential Youth Empowerment Scheme (P-YES), aimed at creating 774,000 jobs across the Local Government Areas (LGAs) in the country. Digressing from the launch, he said: ”I will like to use this opportunity to say a word on the recent genuine concerns and agitations by Nigerians about the excessive use of force and in some cases extra-judicial killings and wrongful conduct of the men of the Nigerian Police Force.” He added: ”The disbanding of SARS is only the first step in our commitment to extensive police reforms in order to ensure that the primary duty of the police and other law enforcement agencies remains the protection of lives and livelihood of our people. ”We will also ensure that all those responsible for the misconduct or wrongful acts are brought to justice. ”We deeply regret the loss of life of the young man in Oyo State during the recent demonstrations. ”I have directed that the circumstances of his death should be thoroughly investigated. ”Meanwhile, it is important to recognise that the vast majority of men and women of the police force are hardworking and diligent in performing their duties. ”The few bad eggs should not be allowed to tarnish the image and reputation of the force.” Also speaking on the issue, Vice President Osinbajo re-echoed the president’s statice assuring those still protesting on the streets of the commitment of the government to ensure reformed. Asked he messaged to the protesters, he said, told State House correspondents: “I think the clear message is that there is a government commitment to ensuring that the process of reforms, those who have committed wrongful acts are duly investigated and prosecuted and that whatever replaces SARS is something that is acceptable. “First of all, compliance with all of the tenets of the rule of law and that human right rights. I think these are deep issues that we are all concerned about. I don’t think one person is more concerned than others. “I have also been involved in many cases of many young people trying to resolve these kinds of conflicts that have been reported. “I think it is a good moment for the police force and for all of us to try and reform the police. We are all committed to it.” Speaking on the empowerment programme, President Buhari while restating his administration’s commitment to youth development and poverty alleviation pledged that the Federal Government policies of social protection and people empowerment would continue on track, despite the challenges posed by COVID-19 pandemic. Buhari, who described P-YES as a cornerstone of his administration’s social and economic development strategies, said it was part of the overall policy of ensuring that 100 million Nigerians were lifted out of poverty in ten years. He added: ”The P-YES is also part of the plan that we adopted in 2016 in which we empowered One hundred youths from each of the 774 Local Government Areas with the necessary tools to acquire skills and establish small businesses. ”Given the success of that initiative, we are now committed to creating 774,000 jobs across all the LGAs, through the P-YES programme.” President Buhari, who took a tour of P-YES tools and equipment displayed at the forecourt of Presidential Villa, expressed delight that the materials showcased represent the fruits of the initiatives embarked upon by his administration in 2016. President further said: ”All the tools, machines and equipment that are exhibited here, are products of the efforts of these empowered youth entrepreneurs. ALSO READ: PHOTOS: Traffic bottleneck as #ENDSARS protesters block Fadeyi, Onipanu, Palmgrove, Anthony ”I note with particular pleasure that they were all fabricated in Nigeria by Nigerian youths using locally sourced materials. This is a wonderful and uplifting achievement. ”As an entrepreneurship empowerment project, the P-YES programme aims to address the needs of unskilled and less educated youth. ”It targets key areas of activities that are of practical importance and are essential to every aspect of our economy. ”These include areas such as agriculture and food processing, restaurant and catering, tailoring and fashion design, technical skills such as in the Information and Communications Technology sector, artisanship, welding, carpentry and joinery, other small businesses and activities associated with the microeconomic sector of this economy.” The President used the occasion to call on State Governments, Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government to factor the P-YES into their programmes to assist the youth to realise their potentials in their chosen fields. He urged local and foreign private sector operators in Nigeria to also contribute their share to the expansion of this programme through channelling their corporate social responsibility efforts towards skills acquisition, creation of start-ups, and other intervention measures. President Buhari declared that the expansion of the P-YES would now be vigorously pursued, adding that more resources will be committed to the achievement of its goals and objectives towards youth empowerment and entrepreneurship development. The President commended the Office of the Senior Special Assistant on Youth and Students Affairs, under Hon. Nasiru Saidu Adhama, for driving the P-YES programme in accordance with the mandates prescribed for the office and the programme. He expressed confidence that the programme being supervised by the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation would make a significant difference. In his remarks, Hon Adhama assured the President that as achieved in the pilot phase of the programme the selection of beneficiaries in the full-scale P-YES scheme would be done with the utmost transparency and credibility, adding that equal opportunities will be observed in the delivery of equipment, tools and machines to all States and LGAs. The event was witnessed by Osinbajo, Senate President Ahmed Lawan, Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State and Engineer Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State. President Muhammadu Buhari has directed that all those responsible for the misconduct or wrongful acts be brought to justice. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!