Budding talent YKD has premiered his long-awaited new single, dubbed ‘Finest Girl’. YKD, real name Oluwatosin Shobambo is one of the amazing talents making Nigeria proud in Dubai, UAE, where he lives. The versatile singer who has wide experiences in sound engineering, songwriting, and recording is also an energetic performer who leaves many asking for more anytime he mounts the stage to entertain. The new single ‘Finest Girl’, is a well-nurtured song of praise that’s perfect for wooing any lady. ‘Finest Girl’, as the title sounds, is for all the gorgeous ladies with beautiful hearts, and a prospective anthem for guys who want to approach the woman of their choice. Speaking to the press about his new track ‘Finest Girl’, YKD stipulated that the song is a perfect appraisal for the endowments of a beautiful lady whom he wants to be his girl. As a young good-looking guy, he believes he deserves such a startling lady who can complement him perfectly. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu moves to get justice for victims of SARS brutality In the song, the Afro hip-hop and dancehall vocalist with the moniker ‘Ladies’ Master’, emphasised on how much he wants this girl to be his and the things he will do to impress and eventually win her heart. According to the skilled musician, the music video for ‘Finest Girl’ has been shot and ready to hit the screens soon. For the flick, he teamed up with top videographer Alexpalproduction for proficient interpretation of the song. As exhibited in ‘Finest Girl’, YKD’s songs are about real-life experiences, social issues and other environmental subjects that affect human life. ‘Finest Girl’, in due time will top music charts on different music and television stations nationwide, just as YKD’s previous singles; ‘Oloro Nbo’, ‘Ronke’, ‘Yarinya’ and ‘Baby Girl’ did over the years. YKD started music professionally a decade ago when he was in Lagos State, Nigeria. He has over 10 singles, two visuals released under his stage name. He is currently signed to Shobam Music World. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!