THE Olowu of Kuta in Ayedire Local Government Area of Osun State, Oba Adekunle Oyelude  Makama, has asked political leaders and elders of the North East to demand from President Muhammadu Buhari the declaration of a state of emergency in Borno State as a way of clearing out terrorists from the state. The Oba, in a statement on Thursday, said he made the call in view of very many negative comments recently from leaders from that state on the insurgency war there which suggest that the state needs total concentration of the fighting forces. Specifically, he called out Senator Kashim Shettima, former governor of Borno State, to “call the so-called North-East readers to order, as we don’t have North East Army or Borno State Army but Nigeria army, which no section of the country has perogative of its leadership. The North East leaders should be grateful to the president for giving them so much, and to all Nigerians for sacrificing the lives of their children in Borno and the Northeast generally. They should show appreciation rather than daily sabotaging security operational efforts. “It’s unpatriotic for any groups or the so-called North-East leaders to use the popular Endsars to blackmail the President in pushing through their personal unpatriotic agenda. Their continuous hatred for the military leadership came to the fore when they openly condemned the Well planned Operation fire Ball recently declared by the Chief of Army Staff. “No individual or group has the right to question military operations except the President who is the commander in chief.  If the so-called North-East leaders are patriotic as they claimed, we implore them to call on the authorities to declare a State Emergency and allow the military to clear the insurgents once and for all,” the Oba said. He wondered why Borno has remained the odd one out of the states in the North East in terms of restoration of peace and appreciation of the sacrifices of members of the armed forces who serve there.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Awo’s First Daughter, Reverend (Mrs) Omotola Oyediran, Dies At 79; Buhari, Other Leaders Condole With Family The Chairman of the African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN) Plc, Reverend (Mrs) Omotola  Oyediran, is dead, the family announced on Friday. Reverend Mrs Oyediran was the first daughter of the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo and Yeye Odua, Chief Mrs HID Awolowo. She was also the wife of the former Vice-Chancellor of the University… #EndSARS: Dialogue With Protesting Youths, Afe Babalola Tells FG The founder of Afe Babalola University, Ado-Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola, SAN, has called on the Federal Government to dialogue with the youths protesting against police brutality and meet their demands. The frontline legal luminary advised President Muhammad Buhari to caution the Inspector-General of Police, Muhammed Adamu not to use confrontations against the protesters, saying acting otherwise could lead to a mass… My Advice To The #EndSARS Protesters – Doyin Okupe Our dear gallant youths, you have done well and virtually the whole nation is proud of you. You have accomplished much and you must gain maximally from this unprecedented national achievements. I want to particularly ask you to note that in all dealings with governments and sovereignties worldwide and throughout all history, including wars, everything ends on the negotiating table. Yes, it all and always ends… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.