THE Federal Government on Friday ordered the full reopening of schools at all levels nationwide for academic activities from 12th October 2020. Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, who announced this at a news conference in Abuja, said the decision was reached after due consultations with stakeholders and Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. ALSO READ: Subscribe to our e-copies by clicking here The Federal Government had ordered the closure of schools nationwide in March 2020 following the outbreak COVID-19 pandemic. Adamu said with the level of preparations put in place to test ad flattening of the infection curve, the government has come to the conclusion that the earlier decision was reviewed to allow reopening of schools at all levels. Details coming… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. schools This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. schools Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. schools Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!