Delta State government has reviewed its 48-hour curfew which started Thursday 6:00 p.m and ends 6:00 p.m today, Saturday. The reviewed curfew continues today from 6:00 p.m to 8:00 a.m daily. Governor Ifeanyi Okowa made this known on Saturday after receiving the security situation across the state from the three service commanders. “This morning, I received a comprehensive briefing on the security situation across Delta State from the three Service Commanders. “Having analyzed the situation critically, I wish to thank all Deltans, particularly our youth, for complying with the curfew that was imposed two days ago. “The current 48-hour curfew will expire by 6 pm today Saturday, October 24th, 2020. “However, from this evening, the curfew will be in effect from 6 pm to 8 am till further notice. “From Sunday, October 25, people are free to move around and go about their regular activities during the day,” he added. He urged “all the citizens and residents of our great state, Delta, to please remain calm, vigilant and law-abiding at all times.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens….Delta reviews curfew  Delta reviews curfew ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest….Delta reviews curfew  Delta reviews curfew ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice….Delta reviews curfewDelta reviews curfew NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!