As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to commemorate the International E-Waste Day (IEWD), Minister of State for Environment, Sharon Ikeazor has reaffirmed the commitment of the Federal Government in curbing environmental and health challenges posed by unsound e-waste management on livelihood. According to the Minister, Nigeria must not continue to be a dumping ground for used electronics and other electrical appliances that does not only constitute a serious challenge to the environment, but also to healthy living of Nigerians. She disclosed in a statement that Nigeria is in receipt of large volumes of used electrical equipment (UEEE) that are under the guise of ‘bridging the digital divide’ with a large chunk discovered to be e-waste. She described e-waste as non-functional electrical/electronic equipment that have become hazardous to the environment and healthy lifestyles. “This unsound waste is a fall-outs from the rapid transformation in the Information Communication and Technology (ICT) sector. In 2018 alone, about 50 million tonnes of e-waste were generated globally, with only 35 per cent officially reported as collected and recycled,” she said. Ikeazor, reiterated Federal Government’s readiness to give maximum support to e-waste management and its sustainability, saying Nigeria has already demonstrated its commitment to global efforts through the establishment of the National Environmental Standards and Regulations Enforcement Agency (NESREA) and promulgation of necessary regulations, among others. She pointed out that the concern about e-waste stems from the fact that they contain several toxic and chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), or hydrochlorocarbons (HCFCs), which if not properly managed could harm the environment and human health. Ikeazor, while reaffirming the ministry’s role as the focal point for e-waste management in the country, outlined Nigeria’s achievements in the sound management of e-waste, through the implementation of the EPR programme. This according to her has attracted international support under the Global Environment Facility (GEF) funded project on ‘Circular Economy Approaches for the Electronic Sector in Nigeria Project’. “This project supports the collection and treatment of 300 tons of e-waste under the implementation framework of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), with NESREA as the executing Agency for the project,” said the minister. The International E-Waste Day (IEWD) movement started in 2018 and is celebrated annually on the 14th of October. IEWD stimulates awareness on effect of e-waste to arouse political will, attention and public action. Ikeazor, who described the theme for this year’s IEWD, “Education, which is devoted to the young people”, as apt, said “it is envisaged that young people will be educated on e-waste issues and in turn mentor a new generation of environmentally-responsible consumers.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.