A socio-political support group of the Oyo State government, Omituntun Initiative in the Diaspora (OID), has commiserated with Governor Seyi Makinde over the death of his mother, Madam Abigail Omojolagbe Makinde. The group sympathised with the state government and the entire people of Oyo State on the passing away of the matriarch. In a release signed by OID spokesperson, Ayotomiwa Adebayo, and made available to Tribune Online, the group extended its condolences to Governor Makinde and the entire family over the great loss, while it described the death of the governor’s mother as a great irreplaceable loss. “We receive the sudden news of the passing away of our exceptional and beloved mother, Madam Abigail Omojolagbe Makinde, aged 81 with a heavy heart, and yet with total submission to the will of God as mama lived a fulfilled and exemplary life and was a great asset to the Pacesetter state by giving and nurturing a son that is currently demonstrating what good governance entails. We are, indeed, grateful for this rare gift and are confident that Mama will forever remain in our hearts as the conveyor of people-oriented governor, who has immensely transformed Oyo State to an enviable status. “The State has truly enjoyed the value of a great motherhood and your passion for human capacity development which reflects in the life of your dear son and governor of Oyo State. Mama was an incredible mother who always had enough love and goodies to go around for all of us. “Mama’s life should be celebrated and remembered as one filled with extraordinary love, happiness and laughter. Mama’s transition to glory is of God, that has left a great vacuum. We pray God grant you eternal rest and bestow Governor Seyi Makinde, the entire family, friends, associates, and the people of Oyo State the fortitude to bear the loss,” Adebayo said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Effects of increase Effects of increase  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Effects of increase Effects of increase  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…Effects of increase Effects of increase SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!