The Minister of State for the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, on Wednesday, disclosed that laws are underway to ensure that established cases of rape are no longer bailable in Nigeria with a view to serving as a deterrent to culprits. Dr Aliyu, according to a statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Austine Elemue, and made available to newsman in Abuja, made this known during the official presentation of a compendium titled “My COVID-19 Story: Voice Of Hope and Resilience,” which chronicled different experiences of young girls during the deadly COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. Represented by the Deputy Director, Administration in the office of FCT Minister of State, Mrs Maria Ogbonnaya-Ngwu, the minister said the FCT Administration has established a centre to address cases of girls who are abused or suppressed. According to her: “It is also gratifying to know that our dear President, Muhammadu Buhari, in him lies a man that believes in the worth of the girl child. We have been able to present to him various cases of gender-based violence in the Federal Executive Council. “Let me assure you that laws will soon be rolled out, to serve as deterrent to culprits that are guilty or people found culpable of abuses of the girl child. Unlike before, the rape case becomes ‘bailable’ now we are working towards that it would no longer be a bailable offence. “In the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), we have been able to give succour to the Girl-child, we have been able to encourage the Girl-child, we have been able to make them believe in themselves. The Girl-child is not subordinate to any other child. The administration will continue to boost this, and continue to preach this experience and embark on advocacy.” She added. Earier, the founder and President of Helpline Foundation for the Needy, Dr Jumai Ahmadu, noted that the unexpected outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has re-defined global health and lifestyle, stressing that governments across the world have had to adopt concrete measures to stop the spread of the virus and reduce the negative impact on the socio-economic life of their citizens. She, however, assured that the foundation would continue to champion the rights of the girl-child despite challenges posed by the outbreak of the virus. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Rape cases  Rape cases  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Rape cases  Rape cases  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…Rape cases  Rape cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!