An unidentified inmate of the Nigerian Correctional Service facility, the Benin Prison, Sapele Road, who escaped the facility when hoodlums attacked it on Monday morning, has thanked the hoodlums for his freedom after two years. The young man in his mid twenties, was seen in a video that has gone viral, walking to his freedom, while blaming a certain Inspector Dele for his ordeal. “Nigerian people una too much, I greet una; I salute una. Dem detain me, unlawful detention. I give my IPO (Investigating Police Officer) money make him go investigate. He chop money, he chop money. Inspector Dele, he chop money. He no go investigate me. He remands me go prison, two years plus, I dey there as awaiting trial”, he was heard saying after identified himself as one of the inmates.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Revolt Of The Twitter Generation, Monsters We Created
In the last one week or so of the rise of the #EndSARS protest across the country, a damp gleam of hope for Nigeria lit me up. I dare say same for many of our compatriots. It is just like the gleaming multicolour of an emerging rainbow. All our previous forecasts of hopelessness for the land started to collapse gradually… Nigerian Youths Came Out Late, But… —Bishop Oladotun
Sincerely, from my own perspective, the youth came out late because we have no other country. Some of us are already 60 years old and above and we have no other place to go. This is a battle we are supposed to have fought about 30 or 40 years ago so that the youth of today can have a better future. Whatever they are doing now is to secure their… Youths’ #EndSARS Protest Capable Of Grounding Any Govt —Olajide, YCE Scribe
The general secretary of the Yoruba Council of Elders (YCE), Dr Kunle Olajide, in this interview by KUNLE ODEREMI, speaks on the position of the organisation on the week-long youths’ protests against police brutality, advocacy on referendum, new incentive package for teachers and granting of financial autonomy to… Insecurity: Northern Elders Want Service Chiefs Sacked
A group of northern elders under the aegis of Coalition of Northern Elders for Peace and Development (CNEEPD) has expressed dissatisfaction with the prevailing insecurity situation in the country, insisting that the best way possible for President Muhammadu Buhari is to restore order with an immediate restructuring beginning with the… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.