Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State, government house staffs, journalists and contractors were trapped in the old Government House as hoodlums invaded the state in search of COVID-19 palliatives in a warehouse close to the Government House. Tribune Online reports that Governor Umahi was meeting contractors handling the rehabilitation of the 13 general hospitals in the state when he received a report of the activities of the hoodlums. The meeting was cut short as the governor was relocated to the presidential lodge at the old government house by his security detail. It was gathered that the hoodlums mobilized themselves in the early hours of Monday and targeted warehouses where palliatives were stored. One of the warehouses is located beside the old government house. Tribune Online also reports that armed policemen and soldiers have mobilized to protect lives and properties in the state capital following an attack on the State Central Police Station on Monday. The attack of the State Central Police Station is the fifth of such attack in less than one week. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. Gov Umahi, others trapped |  Gov Umahi, others trapped | Gov Umahi, others trapped | Gov Umahi, others trapped Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!