THE Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has appealed to the Ogun State government to adjust the new school timetable to allow Muslim students observe Friday Juma’at service. Following the reopening of schools in the state, the government released a new timetable to allow for the observance of COVID-19 prevention protocols in the schools. According to the timetable, some pupils in both primary and secondary schools will have their classes between 12.00 p.m. and 3.00 p.m. from Monday to Friday. But the state chairman of MURIC, Jimoh Alao, in a statement, said the new timetable does not allow Muslim students to observe the Friday service between 1.00 p.m. and 2.00 p.m., describing the situation as unfair. He noted that pupils in upper basic classes at the primary and secondary school levels and their teachers were affected by the new timetable and urged the government to always consider Muslims’ rights when making policies that affect all. Alao, in the statement, said: “Our attention has been drawn to the obstructive impact on Muslims, the staggered school attendance hours by the Ogun State government in its drive towards preventing the spread of COVID-19. “As we commend the effort of the state government, we call its attention to how this timetable has obstructed both the teachers and students in public and private schools in the state from observing the Friday Juma’at prayers. “As we demand that this anomaly be adjusted, we also ask that, henceforth, the state government should take cognizance of the impact of its policies on the sensitivity and rights of Muslims. The matter in question has become a recurring abnormality in Ogun State. “As we await the Ogun State government’s acquiescence to our demand, MURIC urges all Muslims in the state to remain calm but alert to all matters of concern as we seek Allah’s aid against all acts of injustice against the Ogun State Muslim Ummah.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party… Juma’at service  Juma’at service The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…. Juma’at service  Juma’at service  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…. Juma’at service Juma’at service  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.