Federal Government on Friday reiterated its resolve to support Nigerians during a crisis situation and ensure strategic disaster mitigation, preparedness and prevention. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq gave the assurance while commiserating with the victims of the gas explosion which occurred at Baruwa, Alimosho area of Lagos on Thursday 8th October 2020. According to the report from various intervention agencies, the gas tanker explosion occurred at 5:40 a.m when an LPG tanker was discharging at the Best Roof Plant Station in the area. Providing an update on the explosion, Ibrahim Farinloye, the Acting Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), said three persons were rescued while five bodies were recovered from the explosion. Enumerating the losses recorded in the explosion, the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) said some buildings and property worth millions of naira were affected. The Ministry reiterated its readiness to render support to Nigerians in crisis situations and ensure strategic disaster mitigation, preparedness and prevention. To this end, the Ministry urged the populace to be vigilant and adhere strictly to safety measures to avert future fire disasters. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!