I will need your urgent assistance in order to get out of my current problem which has caused me a lot of stress, urgency and embarrassment. I am a 25 years old spinster who you can consider to be very hairy. I have hairs all over the body including the chest, tummy and face. Initially, I used to shave off these hairs especially the one on my cheeks (sideburns) until I noticed a small beard a few months ago. The faster I shave it, the faster it grows back so much so that I have become an object of ridicule among my peers. Lady Bee (by SMS)  The body changes that develop in girls at puberty in addition to the enlargement of breasts, uterus and the vagina are due in part to the activities of some ‘feminizing’ hormones (Oestrogen) and in part to the absence of the ‘masculinizing’ hormones (Androgen). However, some amount of Androgen is needed in women for the growth of pubic and auxiliary hairs. In some women, there could be an excess production of Androgen leading to increased hair production (hirsutism) just like in your case. My advice therefore is for you to stop all medications and seek the attention of a Gynecologist in the Teaching hospital or Federal Medical Centre nearest to you. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.