The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has frowned at the non-compliance by shipping lines to the directive by the Federal Government that all export goods leaving the country must carry Nigerian Export Proceeds (NXP) numbers. Chairing a virtual meeting which included the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) and shipping companies, the CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele, stated that the Apex bank, following a directive by the Federal Government to audit shipping companies to ensure that all the shipping documents carry the NXP number, discovered that several shipping companies were wanting and this non-compliance would attract strict sanctions. Speaking on the issue, the executive secretary/CEO of the NSC, Mr Hassan Bello, said the Council in partnership with the CBN has carried out three sensitisation meetings in Lagos and Port Harcourt to educate shipping companies and exporters on the need to implement the directive on the NXP. The NSC boss added that the agency would work with other agencies of government to ensure full compliance, so that export without the NXP is discontinued. Addressing the shipping lines, Mr Emefiele said “… we are going to set up an auto system, where if someone wants to send cargo, copies of the NXP form will be sent directly to you. So that if you don’t have it online on your system that the NXP has been registered, you turn back that cargo. ALSO READ: Edo APC councillors protest suspension, non-payment of salaries by Obaseki You cannot accept any number and use it as a basis for shipping. We are not going to allow that. That is not acceptable. If you don’t see NXP Forms, that cargo should be turned back”. The virtual meeting which was attended by some representatives of shipping lines in the country was also an opportunity for the governor to enquire as to why these companies were not complying by the Federal Government directive and some of their challenges regarding the NXP. Responding, the Managing Director, MSC Nigeria Limited, Andrew Lynch, stated that his company receives NXP forms on all major agro commodities like cashew, cocoa and sesame, but not for commodities like charcoal and timber. According to MSC boss, they find out that these items do not have NXP forms after they have already arrived at the port and once cargo gets to the port and has gotten clearance from the Nigerian Customs Services, there is pressure, due to space constraints at the port, to ship immediately. He added that one of their challenges also lies in their inability to verify the authenticity of an NXP Form. In his own submission, the Managing Director, Grimaldi Nigeria Ltd, Ascanio Russo, stated that in addition to not being able to verify the authenticity of the NXP Form, his company is unable to access CBN’s online portal. The governor said that a circular outlining this procedure would be sent out to shipping lines and relevant agencies like the Nigerian Shippers’ Council, Ministry of Finance, Nigerian Customs Services and security agencies among others. Shipping companies at the virtual meeting included Maersk line Nigeria Limited, Ocean Network Express Nigeria Limited, MSC Nigeria Limited, Golden shipping Company and Grimaldi Nigeria Limited. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!