A MAN who has persistently threatened to either kill or break the legs of his wife so that she is confined to a wheel chair has been divorced in a Lusaka Local Court in Zambia. According to the Zambian Observer, this was after his wife, Joyce Miti, 28, dragged her husband, Henry Phiri to court for divorce. However, Henry said that he still loved his wife. The two got married in 2006 and have two children. Joyce told the senior court magistrate, Lewis Mumba,  sitting with the magistrate, Abbyshine Michelo at Kanyama Local Court, Zambia that she never enjoyed her marriage because  Henry had gotten into a bad habit of beating her most of the time. She explained that Henry told her that if she did not leave the matrimonial home, she would die in his hands or he would break her legs so that she was confined to a wheel chair. Joyce further told the court that  Henry had a girlfriend and that he got money from her business and took it to the same other woman, adding that every time she asked him why he did that, he beat her. She said Henry did not provide for the family as he was out of employment. She was the one who looked after him but when the beatings became unbearable, she decided to leave the matrimonial home on October 5. In defence, Henry said that Joyce had several boyfriends who phoned her and that at one time when he tricked her by informing her that he was not coming home, he found that the house was locked and his wife was not there but only re-appeared after some time. He explained that after asking her where she had gone, she revealed that she was with a man in the bush by the name of Differ. Henry said that after Joyce left the matrimonial home, she told him that she had already found a man in Chipata who wanted to marry her. Magistrate Mumba said that marriage was a voluntary union and that the court could not force Joyce to continue in marriage when she did not want. He granted the couple divorce without compensation but ordered  Henry to be paying child maintenance fee of K300 per month. According to the magistrate, property jointly acquired would be shared equally.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!