A 61-year-old telecommunication expert, Mr Adegoke Ayoola, has filed a suit before the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, through his lawyer and human rights activist, Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa (SAN), against the Inspector-General of Police on what he described as unlawful arrest and detention in respect of civil and commercial transactions. Ayoola, who joined 10 others; the DIG, FCID, DSP Funmi Eguaoje, who is the police team leader; SC Connections Ltd, Mr Ali Joda, Mohammed Bashir Ahmed, Taiwo Abiodun, Sulaiman Abubakar and Moses Pila as co-respondents in the suit, is claiming that the police were directly aiding and abetting his opponents to take over his company and commercial interests. He is, therefore, asking the court to declare that his arrest and detention from September 3, 2020 to September 10, 2020, in Ondo State and Abuja respectively, in respect of civil and commercial transactions, constitute a flagrant violation of the Applicant’s fundamental rights guaranteed by law and that the police is not entitled, under Section 264 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Law, 2011, to apply for and obtain any remand warrant, from any court, against him for the purpose of keeping him in detention and custody in respect of civil and commercial transactions, among others. He also asked for N500 million as the cost of general, aggravated, special and exceptional damages against him, jointly or severally from the respondents for the violation of his fundamental rights. No date has been fixed for hearing of the suit. In a 58-paragraph affidavit which he personally deposed to in support of the suit, Ayoola stated that he formed a partnership with some businessmen to handle telecoms interconnections between the telecoms operators, with a profit ratio of 58:42 per cent and he had been running the company as its managing director since 2010 until sometime in July 2019. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!