Kano State Government has approved the promotion of 249 civil servants from various ministries, departments and agencies, aimed at ensuring effective and efficient service delivery at all levels. The State Civil Service Commission Chairman, Bello Mohammad Kiru, announced this on Thursday at the end of the commission meeting for senior staff promotion exercise. This was contained in a statement signed and issued by the commission public relations officer, Ismail Garba Gwammaja. Kiru noted that the present administration is highly committed to the yearning and aspirations of workers wellbeing and benefits at various cadre, which includes staff promotion as at when due. He, however, assured of the commission readiness at all times to work assiduously in the area of staff promotion, recruitment, transfer of service as well as a discipline where necessary with a view to ensuring effective and efficient service delivery at all levels. Kiru lauded the present administration for according the commission a freehand without any prejudice or interference in the discharge of its core mandate. Speaking to members of the commission, Kiru commended them for their endurance and high sense of professionalism in attending to issues. He expressed hope that the tempo would be sustained. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace… Is Doubling Nigerian Airports By 2023 The Priority? RECENTLY, the Federal Government through the Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika announced that by 2023, the number of the country’s airports may be doubled to enhance air connectivity and boost the economy… NLC Resists FG’s Airport Concession Plans THE Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) has again vowed to vehemently oppose plans by the Federal Government to concession the country’s most viable international airports SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.