Renowned Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmed Gummi has said the #EndSARS protests in the country are warnings from Allah to the government and the authorities. He said this in an interview granted to one of the Northern-based privately-owned newspaper in Kaduna recently. Gummi said: “It is not acceptable that people are being killed, kidnapped and left in severe pain, misery and yet cannot talk.” He noted that when the peaceful protests started earlier in the North, youth leaders were immediately apprehended and threatened to keep silent. “Just yesterday, about 27 people were killed again in Zamfara, in continuation of series of daily killings. Not long ago, I came back from Sokoto, they told me that about 79 people were murdered in cold blood. On daily basis you hear about people being killed, women and girls raped, and there is hunger, squalor while many cannot go to school. While the government is deceiving itself about achieving food security, it is clear that insecurity has denied many to go to the farm. The killing of innocent people no longer attract even newspaper headlines. ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters “We have provoked Allah and sadly the leaders are still using the option of force that can never work instead of addressing the real genesis; come back to Allah, address issues of poverty, unemployment and make those in the position of authority and responsibility to be accountable. “The government should be told that they are sleeping. Nothing is working in Nigeria. The #EndSARS protests has its genesis, it is the result of bad governance otherwise there won’t be a protest from the first place. “It is true that the protests have been infiltrated and the legitimate demands altered and it is the government that benefits from this. We all must understand that the reforms Nigerians are yearning for are not in any way limited to the disbanding of a unit in the Police. “The whole country needs a total overhaul from the military, the police, the economy, the legislature and all strata of government. There is, in fact, no unit of the government that is not supposed to be reformed. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu “The government must be told the truth and be awakened from its deep slumber. Enough of the sycophancy from the ruling elites and others of like minds. It should be told that all the blood being spilled on the land leaders and they will surely account for it before Allah. “Nobody should tell you that protests of this nature as long as they are peaceful are unlawful; the government needs to be awakened anyhow and doing this is also Jihad. “Prophet Muhammad (SAW) said the best Jihad is that when a person finds the courage and strong will to stand, face those in the position of authority and tell them to look what you are doing is wrong. “Any government that cannot tolerate being corrected is not a good government. Do they receive special massages from Allah? No, they don’t. So they must listen and take advice. “What is important is that all such things abhorred by Islam like killings, looting and even abuses must not form part of the protests. There must be decency and decorum in any protest.” Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!