Former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has advocated for the reform of the Nigerian Police which he said was no longer operating based on its mandate of securing the nation and her citizens. He described as unfortunate the fact that personnel of the Police who were trained to protect the citizens have now turned their guns against unarmed citizens. Atiku bared his mind to journalists after a closed-door meeting with the former military president, General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida, at his Uphill Mansion hill in Minna, Niger State capital, on Monday. He said he had issued a press statement earlier on to express his position on the calls for the ban of Special Anti- Robbery Squad ( SARS) and that the eventual proscription of the unit by the Inspectors General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, was an action in the right direction. “The eventual banning of the unit by IGP Mohammed Adamu is in order. The Police, especially the SARS unit, is no longer operating based on its mandate of securing the country and its citizens. ALSO READ: Ondo election: Why we can’t congratulate APC now, PDP replies Mai Buni “It is unfortunate that men of the Police who were trained to protect the citizens have now turned their guns against unarmed citizens.” He further said he had issued a press statement earlier to state his stand on the call for the ban of SARS. Speaking about his visit to General Ibrahim Babangida, Atiku said that he came on a private visit. The erstwhile Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, had arrived the Minna International airport to meet with former Military President, General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida, at about 1.23 pm, on Monday, on an Aircraft marked: T7-AAA accompanied by his wife, Chief Mrs Titi Abubakar, Senator Abdul Ningi.l and a retinue of personal aides. He was received at the airport by former Niger State Governor, Dr Mu’azu Babangida Aliyu, and other PDP stalwarts in Niger State. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   Police need to be reformed to be more civil ― Atiku SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!