THE Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, over the weekend paid a courtesy visit to the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero, where he urged the people of the state to continue to support the Federal Government’s initiatives toward ensuring peace and stability in the country. Danbatta, an indigene of Kano, who commended the Emirate and the entire people of Kano for their unwavering support to the government, said Nigeria deserves a long period of peace and stability in order to achieve sustainable growth and development. He said the Federal Government has come up with various initiatives on youth empowerment, especially through provision of digital skills and literacy. In his remark, Bayero, who thanked the NCC boss and his entourage for the visit, commended President Muhammadu Buhari, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Ali Isa Ibrahim Pantami and the EVC for the excellent performance of the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) industry. Speaking further, the monarch pledged to continue to support the Federal Government on its developmental initiatives,  urging all leaders to continue to promote peaceful coexistence in the country. It would be recalled that, like Danbatta, various eminent leaders in Nigeria, including the Emir of Sokoto, Sultan Sa’adu Abubakar III and the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, have made similar calls on the need to maintain peace for the sustenance  of socio-economic development of Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!