THE Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi has ordered the immediate resumption of all operational activities in FRSC formations across the country, as he mourns the victims of the unfortunate fatal crash that occurred in Enugu State. Oyeyemi had earlier ordered the suspension of all enforcement activities of the Federal Road Safety Corps as a result of the upsurge of the #EndSARS protests across the country. Corps Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem, in a statement on Friday in Abuja, said the Corps Marshal gave the order in a memo to Commanding Officers following the urgent need to keep the roads safe, enforce maximum compliance to road traffic regulations and safety guides, as well as, to forestall incidences of crashes and fatalities on the highways. While mourning the victims of the unfortunate road traffic crash in Enugu State, the Corps Marshal confirmed that out of the 56 people involved in the Enugu road traffic crash, 21 persons lost their lives. He revealed that the crash which occurred at Nkwo/Mmaku junction, along old Enugu/Okigwe road at about 4 pm on Wednesday 28 October 2020, involved a Mercedes Benz Bus (ENU 811 KU) conveying school children and a Flatbed Mark Truck (KPP 247 XA). The crash was caused by mechanical deficiency (brake failure). Speaking further, the Corps Marshal stressed that the Corps is saddened by this ugly development and is ready to put all within its operational might to ensure that such fatalities are averted on our roads. And one of the key strategies towards achieving this is the full deployment of personnel and increased visibility of patrol teams on the highways. According to him, irrespective of the incessant attacks that led to the burning, looting, arson and damaging of FRSC properties in various locations occasioned by the #EndSars protest, the Corps is still deeply committed to the full realisation of its corporate mandate. He maintained that the Corps would not be dissuaded from carrying out its humanitarian work of keeping the roads safe, even amidst the risks on lives and properties of personnel. While boosting the morale of the entire workforce, Oyeyemi assured the personnel that everything humanly possible must be done to safeguard the lives and properties and those of family members of Staff as well as all FRSC facilities through close liaison with security agencies. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.FRSC boss orders personnel The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.FRSC boss orders personnel  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.FRSC boss orders personnel His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.FRSC boss orders personnel NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.