Popular musician and self-acclaimed African giant, Damini Ogulu, also known as Burna Boy and Mavins act, Divine Ikubor, fondly called Rema, have been nominated for the Best African Act category in this year’s edition of MTV Europe Music awards. The shortlist for the MTV awards was made public on the cable television’s social media platforms. This list is dominated by artistes from the United States with Lady Gaaga landing seven nominations and Justin Bieber bagging five. The nomination of Burna Boy and Rema did not to have come as a surprise for many music fans given that both are reportedly among the most streamed Nigerian artistes on online music platforms. As the current holder of the Best African Act award, speculations on social media hint at Burna Boy retaining the gong despite contending with six other artistes including Rema. Meanwhile, some months ago, the Odogwu crooner took to social media to express his disappointment after missing out on another foreign award, Grammy, and this has led critics to suggest that MTV EMA would be a stepping stone for him. Other contenders in the Best African Act category include Master KG, Kabza de Small, DJ Maphorisa (South Africa), Sheebah (Uganda) and Gaz Mawete (Congo). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Akeredolu wins Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!