Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi has tasked members of the judicial panel to investigate, receive, raise complaints of brutality and human rights violation and other related extrajudicial killings in Ebonyi State. Gov. Umahi gave the command during the swearing-in of the 8-man judicial panel committee chaired by Retired chief judge of the state, Justice Alloy Nwankwo. According to Umahi, the panel shall evaluate all evidence presented and the surrounding circumstances before drawing a conclusion. “He further added that the panel will also make amends, compensation and other remedial measures where appropriate. Umahi stated that the Chairman and the members of the panel will not be liable to any action or sued for any matter but shall have the power to issue power or issue authority to anyone for evidence during this procedure. He, however, urged members of the panel to conclude and submit its report at Abakaliki within the period of six months from the date of their being sworn-in unless in issues of certain reasons why the state should allow agitation. He then directed the chairman of the committee and the members to subscribe to an appropriate code under section 6 of the Commission of Inquiry before commencing the assignment. In an acceptance speech, the Chairman of the committee Justice Alloy Nwankwo (RTD) promised that the committee shall discharge their duties effectively. Other members of the Committee include Emmanuel Onwe(Esq) – Member & Secretary, AIG Kelvin Opoke (Rtd) – Member, Igwe Uche – Member, Olisa Nwuruku – Member, Emmanuel Obasi – Member, Barr Louisa Nwebonyi – Member and Christopher Okorie – Member. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. judicial panel Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!