Despite the 24 hours curfew put in place by the Lagos state government on Tuesday, #EndSARS protesters are still converging on the Lekki Toll Gate, further demanding an end to police brutality and Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). Tribune Online gathered that the youth at the protest ground who were seen holding on to Nigerian flags are being motivated by the fellow protesters on the need to continue the struggle. A resident of the area, Mr Abdulrahman said that some of the protesters are still there fighting for the demand even as government imposed 24 hours curfew on the state. He said that some of them have gone to their homes even though they were not happy towards the development. Abdulrahman added that a group called “Feminist Co” allegedly handling the funds belonging to the struggle had urged the protesters on their Twitter page to leave the protest ground for their different homes. This plea did not however go down with those at the tool gate. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.