A Divisional Crime Officer attached to Atan -Otan Divisional Police Headquarters, Ogun State, DSP Augustine Ogbeche, has been murdered by hoodlums, on Wednesday morning. In a statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, the hoodlums attacked the station murdered the police officer and subsequently set the station ablaze. Oyeyemi, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, said that the hoodlums under the guise of protesting #endSARS also attacked and injured the DPO, SP Sikiru Olugbenga. The PPRO added that the whereabouts of the DPO was unknown at the time of filing this report. The hoodlums also vandalised Obada Oko Divisional Police Headquarters in Abeokuta. With this development, the State Commissioner of Police, CP Edward Awolowo Ajogun, had therefore, appealed to the protesters to embrace peace and eschewed violence. ALSO READ: Federal Executive Council meets, keeps mum on Lekki shooting of #EndSARS protesters The CP also advised stakeholders in the state, especially traditional institutions and parents to prevail on the youths to stop destruction of property and allow government to address the situation. The CP said, “The youths are reminded that since the commencement of the protests the police have been nice  and civil to them even when some of our men were injured and our stations damaged. “We even went ahead and released all the 36 suspects we arrested. However, if in the course of handling the protests anybody feels offended we plead understanding and not retaliatory measures including killing and maiming policemen and burning and damaging police stations. “We will ensure that justice is served any aggrieved person.  Please and please let us continue to embrace peace rather than violence. The Command sincerely appeal to the youths. Parents and guardians  are also enjoined to help rein in their children and wards.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!