Looting by hoodlums in Adamawa State capital continues in spite of Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri’s declaration of dusk to dawn curfew, to stem looting and vandalisation. Recall that after the looting of two warehouses located at Kwanar Waya and Bakin Kogi in the state capital, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri took swift action by imposing a 24-hour curfew in the state to begin from 3:00 pm on Sunday. The governor also directed security operatives to enforce the curfew so as to avert further loss of lives and properties as he said lives have already been lost in the stampede that greeted the looting spree. However, on Monday morning, despite the curfew, the looting spree continued unabated as Adamawa residents disregarded the order and continued plundering stores and warehouses across the state. At the Adamawa Agricultural Development Project (AADP) office in Yola, thousands of residents including youths, women and even older people carted away fertilizers, spraying machines, seedlings and other farm implements stored in the facility by the state government, while security operatives were nowhere to be found. ALSO READ: NBA slams police over trial of suspected looters of COVID-19 palliatives A middle-aged man who spoke to our correspondent on condition of anonymity said “I am a teacher in one of the private schools in Yola. Since the beginning of COVID-19, I lost my job following the closure of schools. “Since then, life has been very difficult as most times I and the children remain hungry, even the palliative that was given didn’t get to me. This forced me to come and partake in this looting so as to put food on the table for my family,” he said. Apart from the AADP facility that was looted, other facilities including NEMA, UNICEF, stores and private warehouses in the state have faced a similar fate. Kofare, an industrial estate, was one of the areas worst hit by the siege because of the concentration of warehouses in the vicinity. Our correspondent also learnt that the government warehouse in Numan also came under attack as it was vandalised and looted. Attempts to get a reaction from the Adamawa State police command was futile as several calls made to the PPRO number were not answered. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!