The lawmaker representing Ilaje Constituency II in the Ondo State House of Assembly, on the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC), Hon Favour Semilore Tomomewo, has been expelled from the party. Tomomewo was expelled by the party executive from her ward in Mahin ward IV over what the leaders of the party from the area termed anti-party. The letter of expulsion which was signed by the ward Chairman, Mr Olamigoke Ajimuda and the Secretary, Mr Omosule Taid, said the lawmaker who has been suspended by the House of Assembly was working against the interest of the party. The letter read: “After investigation of the anti-party activities perpetrated by the Honorable member representing Ilaje constituency II in the Ondo House of Assembly, Hon Favour Tomomewo, the Executive of her ward resolved to list her atrocities resulting in her expulsion from the party. “Working against the interest of the party, APC in various political outings. “Directly mobilising and working for the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) contrary to the provisions of the constitution of the All Progressives Congress (APC) which sponsored her to the parliament. “Exclusively funding and financing the members and activities of ZLP against the interest of APC before and during the just concluded governorship election. ALSO READ: CBN warns shipping companies over non-compliance to export cargo procedure “Publicly adorning herself with materials bearing the logo and insignia of ZLP” The party leaders, however, said: “Having exhausted all known mechanism of the party to investigate her anti-party activities, the Executive of Mahin ward IV in Ilaje local government area, met and deliberated extensively band consequently expelled her from the party.” It will be recalled that the House of Assembly had sometimes ago suspended the lawmaker from the House activities but the action of the leaders of the state House of Assembly was nullified by an Akure High Court. Tomomewo is the only female lawmaker on the floor of the Ondo State House of Assembly. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!