The Kaduna State Government has accepted the recommendation of the security agencies for a significant relaxation of the curfew in 21 local government areas. However, the 24-hour curfew will continue in Chikun and Kaduna South LGAs until further notice. This was contained in a statement issued by the state commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan on Monday. The statement noted, “From Tuesday, 27th October 2020, residents can pursue their lawful business between 6am and 4pm daily. “Curfew hours will be from 4pm to 6am, in all local government areas except Chikun and Kaduna South. “As the security assessment noted, criminal attempts to violate life and property persist in two local government areas. Therefore, the 24-hour curfew remains in place in Chikun and Kaduna South local government areas. “Residents of these two local government areas are advised to remain in their homes as efforts to normalise the situation continue. “Markets, offices and commercial centres, hotels and recreation centres in the two LGAs are to remain closed during the 24-hour curfew. “Social and mass gatherings are also prohibited in these areas until further notice. As essential services, hospitals and medical facilities are expected to open and offer services during this period. “Persons with useful information on the criminals who have engaged in looting should please call the Kaduna State Security Operations Room on 09034000060 and 08170189999.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace.  Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!