Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara State has reviewed the 24-hour curfew declared on Friday night in the wake of public disturbance in the state. The governor, who held a security council meeting with heads of the security agencies in the state on Sunday evening, consequently resolved to relax the curfew to between 6 pm and 8 am daily until further notice. The statement by the chief press secretary (CPS) to the governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, said that: “A review of the situation in the Ilorin metropolis suggested a relative calm. The meeting observed that the objective of the curfew has largely been achieved as the misguided elements who looted and vandalised public and private properties have been pushed back and normalcy restored. Consequently, the security council resolved to relax the curfew from 24 hours to between 6 pm and 8 am daily until further notice. This means members of the public can move around between 8 am and 6 pm daily within the metropolis. Even so, the government will continue to review the situation and take decisions that are in the best interest of the state”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Kwara government relaxes curfew FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Kwara government relaxes curfew Unknown gunmen kill former ATBU Director of works, ran away with his Honda Accord car Kwara government relaxes curfew Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!