Trading on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) follows previous day stance as it bows to profit-taking, on Thursday, as the benchmark index sheds 0.3 per cent. Specifically, the All-Share Index (ASI) ended the session at 28,546.22 basis points as against an opening of 28,634.35 basis points. Similarly, the equities market capitalisation lost NN46.07 billion having closed the market at N14.92 trillion as against an opening of N14.97 trillion. Accordingly, the Month-to-Date and Year-to-Date gain both moderated to 6.4 per cent. Equities market sentiment, as measured by the market breadth, was however positive as 26 tickers gained relative to 17 losers with Eterna Oil and Unilever Nigeria topping the gainer’s chart with ten per cent and 9.8 per cent appreciation in their respective stock value, while Deap Capital and Mutual Benefit recorded the largest losses by ten per cent and 8.7 per cent respective decline in the price of their stocks. Sectoral analysis of the day trade showed that the Banking and Insurance indices posted 2.9 per cent and 1.3 per cent respective gains, while losses were recorded in the Industrial Goods, Consumer Goods and Oil & Gas indices. The total volume of trades declined by 31.6 per cent to 569.38 million units, valued at N4.91 billion and exchanged in 6,101 deals. Eterna Oil was the most traded stock by volume at 112.89 million units while Zenith Bank was the most traded stock by value at N1.51 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!