Governor, Theater Arts and Motion Pictures Association of Nigeria (TAMPAN) in Ekiti State, Comrade Eniola Ehinafe, who was sworn in on August 8, has rolled out plans to re-brand the association in the state. As total transformation, of which every member will be proud of. Ehinafe in his inaugural speech titled ‘Ekiti TAMPAN: The Rebirth of Theatre Arts’ highlighted his agenda for the association, which according to him was full of zeal and enthusiasm to transform the association. In a bid to achieve this, he led the association’s executive members on a visit to the state’s commissioner of police against piracy and usage of police facilities to make each movie production real. TAMPAN in Ekiti also visited the management of the Nigeria Television Authority (NTA) in Ado-Ekiti, where they proposed some movie projects of 26 episodes, which, according to him, received positive approval. Speaking with Saturday Tribune Entertainment on some of the moves the association had made since he emerged as governor, Ehinafe said: “We have also held meetings with some radio stations in the state for the promotion of indigenous artists. Already, ‘Tampan Hour’, a program aimed at promoting indigenous artists is already airing at Voice 89.9 FM Ado-Ekiti every Tuesday. “I have also constituted a committee on production, a task force; we have started the TAMPAN Magazine, welfare committee, project and finance committee to compliment other offices and now several production locations are at the door step of our association in Ekiti State.” Comrade Ehinafe however, solicited for more support from the state government and sponsorship from well-meaning stakeholders. According to him, Ekiti State was blessed with talented people and there are several opportunities in the entertainment industry if well harnessed. “We also plan to encourage entertainers – actors, musicians, producers, directors and the likes that are of Ekiti origin, to come home and help develop the entertainment industry here. I spoke with Odunlade Adekola recently on this and he has assured me of his support, many others like that, have also promised me of their support,” the TAMPAN governor told Saturday Tribune Entertainment,” he said. He also revealed the plan to create stage shows for tourists and visitors, with some rendezvous as well, in partnership with the Ekiti State Ministry of Arts, Culture and Tourism. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.