Marital conflicts can be baffling some times, such that you keep wondering how happily married couples get to such points, or what went wrong with two love birds that have become covenant enemies. A few examples of such should suffice for us to grasp my point: This couple had been happily married for almost twenty years; a cynosure of all eyes.  I remember a woman who heard of their conflicts, expressed great shock, such that she went to ask the husband that “what happened to the Romeo and Juliet” in their marriage? She told me that the couple was a beauty of a role model to her when was growing up. But they have become sworn enemies today. This couple in conflict has been married for fifty five years; they started out well as a great couple. Yet, years after, they became enemies of the highest order, not wanting to see each other prosper in life. Today, they are divorced, yet they still continue in battle to destroy each other. Let me share my personal experience to drive home my point on the spiritual dimension of marital conflicts. I got married almost twenty five years ago. I have been enjoying a great life with my husband. But, the truth of the matter is that, my great marriage would have crashed, hitting the rocks if not for the mercy of God. Fifteen years into our marriage, one night we went to bed without any quarrel whatsoever. But, early in the morning, I got up, went to the restroom, and when I got back into the room, my husband and I got into an argument, and it was the worst we have had so far. No physical assault though, but I was ready to end the journey. My husband said to me at a point in the middle of the argument that he wanted to share something with me before we go our separate ways. This was what he told me: “I just had a dream in which I saw four ladies in white garments lined up in front of our car. We sat at the front. Another woman stood by the driver side of the car, where you sat. She rained curses on our marriage. I got out of the car to challenge her. Then I woke up” That dream was the saving grace for my marriage. We realized that many people misbehaving in life do not just do it, they respond to spiritual programming. To understand what this means, you have to consider the implication of the pronouncement of blessings and curses. Such pronouncements are meant for success and failure in life, respectively. So, a marriage operating under evil pronouncements is empowered to fail, and vice versa. Our experience in this direction especially on that day, birth a new resolve in us to make sure we succeed in our marriage, at all cost. It has also been a reference point in our assignment as life coaches and counselors. We now know that strange life occurrences are direct consequences of evil programming.  Dealing with Strange Marital Conflicts For a couple going through marital conflicts defying solutions, you need to come to the realisation that there could be more to it than the normal. You should ask yourselves how you got to that point. Ask yourselves what happened to the love in Tokyo that ruled your hearts. Seek to know why two of you have suddenly become sworn enemies in that marriage. If you get to this point, just like we did that day, you will be able to work things out, and resolve the conflicts. I believe that this piece will be of great help to a marriage out there going through turbulence. I have written out of personal experience, those garnered on the field of counseling.  I remain resolute to marital success.  MY BOOK ENJOYING GREAT SEX LIFE IS STILL AVAILABLE FOR SALE. PLEASE CONTACT ME FOR DETAILS ON 08112658560 YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.