Carnage was, on Friday, averted as soldiers clashed with hoodlums who had attempted to burn down the Ovwian/Aladja Police Division in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. This is coming in the wake of the 48-hour curfew imposed by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa in Delta State, to stem the orgy of protests hoodlums had unleashed on the state in the guise of #ENDSARS protest. It will be recalled that on Thursday night, President Muhammadu Buhari, during a nationwide broadcast, had urged youths across the country to halt the #ENDSARS protest. However, our correspondent, gathered on Friday that the hoodlums, while defying the state’s curfew and the admonition of the president, stormed the police station under the guise of carrying out an #EndSARS protest. But soldiers from Sector 1 of the Nigerian Army, Effurun, acting on a tip-off, equally stormed the scene to disperse the hoodlums and avert the carnage. Some of the hoodlums, during the scamper that ensued, reportedly lost their phones, wristwatches and other valuables. Among them were two acclaimed coordinators of #ENDSARS protest, Comrade Israel Joe and MC Okoloko Papa, who had hurried to the police station to appeal to the hoodlums to halt their plan to burn down the facility. After an unsuccessful attempt to burn down the police station, the hoodlums reportedly resorted to burning tyres on the DSC Expressway to register their frustration. The hoodlums also resorted to chanting: “We want change,” “EndSARS,” “#EndUnemployment,”#EndbadGovernanve and “#EndbadLeadership.” Soldiers led by the Commander, Sector 1, Nigerian Army, Col. S. Ahmed, had been on the patrol of Warri, Effurun and environs since the commencement of the 48-hour curfew to avert further violence particularly after a foiled attempt by inmates at the Nigerian Correctional Service at Okere to escape was averted on Thursday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens….Soldiers foil hoodlums Soldiers foil hoodlums ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Soldiers foil hoodlums  Soldiers foil hoodlums ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice….Soldiers foil hoodlums NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!