Legal fireworks commenced on Friday at the Edo State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Benin. Five petitions filed by the candidates of the defeated political parties are contesting the victory of Godwin Godwin Obaseki of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the September 19 governorship election. The petitioners who are seeking to upturn the victory of Governor Obaseki include Action Democratic Party (ADP), Action Peoples Party (APP), Action Alliance (AA), Allied Peoples Movement (APM) and New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP). At yesterday’s inaugural sitting, the chairman of the tribunal, Justice Abdulrazaq Abdulkareem reiterated the determination of the tribunal in completing the five petitions before the tribunal within the stipulated time frame. While soliciting co-operation from all parties and counsel, he assured that the tribunal would perform its duties without prejudice for any party. The trial judge said: “We wish to assure you that in our quest to get to the truth of the matters before us; we shall act in good faith, and shall do our work with an open mind, without any form of bias or appearance of any preconception. We also pledge not to lend ourselves to any form of external influence.” Speaking on behalf of the counsels, Mr Ken Mozia (SAN) assured the tribunal of their cooperation, promising that they will do their best to file their applications within the specified time frame. During the sitting, the petitioners sought for an ex parte motion for substituted means of service against their respective respondents. Following the petitioners’ applicant motion, the presiding justice granted their orders, and adjourned to Monday, December 7, for pre-hearing process. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.Edo petition tribunal The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.Edo petition tribunal  Edo petition tribunal  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.Edo petition tribunal NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.