Immediate past senator representing Oyo South, Soji Akanbi has praised the late Reverend (Mrs) Omotola Oyediran for constantly representing the ideals of Chief Obafemi Awolowo through her true and selfless leadership, professionalism, honesty, loyalty to the Yoruba nation and patriotism to Nigeria. Contained in a condolence message, Akanbi added that the late Oyediran lived up to the great responsibility foisted upon her by being Awolowo’s daughter through her maintenance of high standards and excellence in all she did. Expressing shock at the demise, Akanbi also lauded the late eldest daughter of Awolowo for her constant support for investments in education. In this light, Akanbi asserted commitment to the preservation of the legacy of Chief Obafemi Awolowo in education through support funding of education. He stressed that this commitment was also in honouring the importance that the late Oyediran always gave education. “I received with shock, the news of the sudden passing away of Mrs Omotola Oyediran, the Chairman, African Newspapers of Nigeria, publishers of the Nigerian Tribune and first daughter of the late sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo. “Mama Oyediran, just like Baba Awolowo, represents true and selfless leadership; the type our generation needs and should be enjoying for a very long time. This is why I am particularly pained by her death at a time like this when Nigerian youths are going through their toughest time. “Being born of the great Awo brings a great responsibility to maintain high standards in almost everything and she excelled at this. “Along with her husband, the foremost Professor of Preventive & Social Medicine, and Administrator, Allen Bankole Oladunmoye Olukayode Oyediran, they have built their own legacy of professionalism, honesty, loyalty to the Yoruba nation and patriotism as Nigerians. “I remember her words to me on September 18, 2017, at Methodist Basic School, Agbeni, Ibadan, when we handed over reconstructed buildings and school infrastructure to the management of the school. “While appreciating our investment in education and particularly our efforts in sustaining the legacy of the first Premier of the old Western Region, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, she explained how important education is to the future of our dear nation.” She highlighted how excited she was that a Muslim like me would surrender myself to advance works in the Christian community and how we must all rise above religious differences to prioritize humanity and do good. “Her words still ring loud in my mind and I hold them closely to my heart. Just like her father, Baba Awolowo, she will remain an everlasting light, for her wisdom, leadership, mentoring and great examples in the media and education sector. “As I promised you Mama, I will remain committed to my promise to preserve the heritage and investments of Chief Obafemi Awolowo in education through support funding of education. “My wife whom you fondly called your adopted daughter and I are deeply saddened. Our hearts are heavy but we take solace in the good works Mama has done and in the legacy of uprightness and love for humanity which will keep us going and inspired to do more for humanity. “On behalf of my family and the progressive people of Oyo state, I sympathize with the husband, Prof. A. B. O. O. Oyediran and children of the late Mrs Omotola Oyediran, the entire family of late Chief Obafemi Awolowo, as well as the management and staff of Nigerian Tribune,” Akanbi said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.