For many days now, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) city has witnessed a scanty population on working days. The usual busy Nyanya -Mararaba- Keffi road has been free of traffic from Wednesday 20 October to this day. Tribune investigation reveals that from 19th of October, many residents of Territory did not go to work for fear of being caught up in crisis or attacked by hoodlums. A taxi driver, Samuel Udoh told our reporter that, “as you can see, the town is dry, people didn’t come to work because they are afraid of what might happen. ” There are different kinds of information going around that different places may be attacked, so I think that has made people to stay away from town” he noted On the 22 of Oct, Gudu market was closed early around 3: pm due to panic by a purported attack. A trader at the market, Raymond Okon told Tribune Online that “we were at the market and all of a sudden, people started running saying that hoodlums were coming to attack the market. “So everybody started packing up, we packed our goods and locked our shops and went home” he stated. The same day, a village located in Apo called Dongongada had a panic attack. These villagers were on the run simply because a resident came on a bike and announced that they were coming, without further details, people started running. On the 23 of October, residents of Mararaba, One man village, Adoo and New Nyanya nearby villages of the FCT were on the run because of attack news speculation. Meanwhile, Tribune Online has observed that Road Safety Corps and VIO have not blocked the city roads for days. The popular checking point at Karu bridge has been deserted for days, same goes to other checking points within the city. Again, the Capital city has not witnessed youths protest since the 20th October 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens….FCT residents panic  FCT residents panic ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest….FCT residents panic ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice….FCT residents panic NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!