Kogi State House of Assembly has approved over N1.5 billion naira loan facility from a commercial bank to pay for counterpart fund of the 2020 Universal Basic Education (UBE), projects in the state. The approval was granted after the Speaker, Prince Mathew Kolawole read the request of the governor to borrow money for the payment of counterpart fund to access UBE funds at plenary. In his contribution, the member representing Dekina/Okura constituency, Paul Enema said the government in the last five years had never failed in accessing the counterpart fund from the UBE as it was key to the development of primary education in the state. The speaker, however, directed the clerk of the house to convey the house resolution to the governor. In the meantime, the House has also called on the State Government and the National Emergency Management Agency, (NEMA) to come to the aid of people affected by flood in the state. This followed a motion of urgent public importance sponsored by the member representing Kogi/Koto constituency, Tanko Muhammed on the floor of the house. He said flood devastated the communities as most people lost their means of livelihood. The Speaker, Prince Mathew Kolawole said it was a sad situation and advised all those living in flood-prone areas to relocate before the flood would get to them. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!