A former Managing Director of the Ogun State Property and Investment Corporation (OPIC), Babajide Odusolu, has said that prudence was his watchword when he was at the helms of affairs. Odusolu, who served under the administration of former Governor Ibikunle Amosun between 2013 and 2019, was reacting to allegations that some sharp practices were recorded while he was in office as MD of OPIC. In a statement he personally signed, a copy of which was made available to the Tribune Online on Monday, Odusolu described the allegations as unfortunate and laughable adding that: “The testaments to the careful management of OPIC under my watch won both the corporation and my good self several awards before and after my tenure in office. “It is important to clarify that whilst indeed I received an official invitation to appear before the Ogun State House of Assembly Committee on Public Accounts, this invitation is scheduled for Tuesday (today) 13th of October, 2020 and I intend to be present to defend both my honour and the integrity of a Corporation that I proudly served as the first non-career Managing Director in its history. “I look forward to seeing evidence of these spurious allegations and I am ready to provide answers to all questions by the esteemed House of Assembly,” the statement read.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. STILL TRENDING: IGP Disbands SARS Following Nationwide #EndSARS Protests In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. ICYMI: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. IPPIS: Buhari’s Statement Not Targeted At Us ― ASUU The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said it is confident that President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement that no enrol on Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) was directed at ASUU members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!