Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has appointed the winner of the Big Brother Naija, Season 5, Olamilekan Agbelesebioba, popularly known as Laycon in the reality show, as youth ambassador of the state. Abiodun announced this when he hosted Agbelesebioba at his Oke-Mosan office in Abeokuta. He also rewarded him with a cash gift of five million naira and a three-bedroom bungalow. The governor expressed the hope that his good character, excellence, good virtues, calmness, integrity, would serve as a model to youth in the State. “It is hoped that you will help inspire our teeming youths to channel their energies towards positive engagements and shun vices such as robbery, drug abuse, cultism, advanced fee fraud, cybercrimes and kidnapping amongst other negative tendencies,” he said. He described Laycon’s conduct in the House as a demonstration of Omoluabi component, the primary ingredient of an Ogun State-born Nigerian, saying despite all the odds, temptations and provocations, Agbelesebioba was able to come out unscathed and uninvolved in any scandal or immoral act. “You have also demonstrated with the way you carried out your assigned tasks in the House with comportment; intellectual responses to questions and; your spirit of fair-play, that your academic achievement at the University of Lagos was earned. This has also shown that our Universities can and still produce graduates that are found worthy in character and good learning. “Indeed, what we are celebrating today is much more than the entertainment that the House provided, but what you represent: a rare combination of prodigious intellect, academic excellence, multi-faceted talents, character and resilience. I believe, your career will draw inspiration from great sons and daughters of Ogun State who have made their mark in their chosen careers,” he added. ALSO READ: Abiru canvasses Police reforms, says SARS must stop killing youths The governor said he was impressed with Laycon’s display while in the House while admonishing parents and guardians to help in nurturing individual talents of their children and wards to enable them to be useful to themselves and the society in the future. Parents and guardians, the governor opined, should realise that there was life outside the four walls of classrooms, as entertainers are also successful men and women who are contributing to national development. Governor Abiodun noted that his administration would continue to bring out the creative energies of the youth and the generality of the people as innovators, academic, researchers, entertainers, creative artists in the public or private sector, formal or non-formal, in and outside Ogun State, for the continued development of the State, and Nigeria as a whole. He revealed that plans are at an advanced stage to build an Entertainment Village for filmmakers, artists and musicians where their skills could be nurtured with added value for our socio-economic development. An excited Laycon praised the Governor for his youth-oriented programmes and promised to work with him to ensure that the “Building Our Future Together” Agenda of his government is successful. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE       Ogun gov gives BBN winner, Laycon, N5m, three-bedroom bungalow, names him youth ambassador SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!