I knew what sweet sixteen was early in life. I saw one regularly in our home. She was always there when needed and she never disappointed. She was always in her place and was handy whenever they needed to touch up. When I could read, I read her name to be “Sweet 16 Talcum Powder”. She was such a popular companion and readily satisfied her users. But she’s off the market now. Another sweet sixteen of that era, who also pleased the senses was one beautiful Nigeria. At sixteen, Nigeria was such a phenomenal beauty. She was everything you’d desire as a suitor. Brilliant, rich, fertile, green, endowed, beautiful, diverse, cultured, generous, accommodating, futuristic, protected. Nigeria was such a huge promise. By the time Nigeria was 16, she had already established her place as a powerful country with so much influence in and outside of the African continent. Our educational institutions had people from across the world, who had come to give their expertise, enjoy from her wealth and drink from her milk of kindness. There were teachers, doctors, engineers, and sundry professionals who also would like to be part of history. In the days I am referring to, Nigeria was very influential. She was such a rallying point that many countries used her as a standard. I liken young Nigeria to what former Senegalese president, Leopold S. Senghor, said of the black man’s culture; of course Nigeria was the black man’s standard. He said our culture is so strong that people all over the world want to dance, walk, talk and sing like us. That was Nigeria. Senghor quoted German philosopher, Hermann Von Keyserling, as saying that “the Americans dance, walk and laugh the blacks.” It was so for Nigeria. We read about how Malaysians came to Nigeria to glean of the oil palm. The Malaysians “danced, walked and laughed like us”, and now are experts in the immense crop. In 1964, T. A. Phillips, O.B.E, a one-time Director of Agriculture in the Eastern Region of Nigeria compiled the second (and the last) edition of his “An Agricultural Notebook (With special reference to Nigeria)” and underscored the strength of young Nigeria in agriculture. Before her Independence, in November 1954, Sir Phillips noted that from teaching and research in agriculture, also in Ibadan and Samaru, he had ample latitude to state that the potential of Nigeria was enormous. That was the Nigeria… As a 16-year-old, there was hardly any notable brand that didn’t want to do business in Nigeria. By then, the wounds of a fierce, 60-month civil war had healed considerably and a bright, better future was the focus. Those businesses which had earlier abandoned her due to the civil war had almost all returned. Nigeria was back on her feet. She had hosted the 2nd All Africa Games in which Modupe Oshikoya became a household name. Young, energetic, rich Nigeria rose for Africa and came to the rescue in 1973 because a troubled Mali could not host the sports fiesta. Our sweet sixteen Nigeria then had also concluded arrangements for the World Black and African Festival of Arts and Culture popularly called FESTAC ’77, which had earlier been twice postponed. FESTAC ’77 was originally billed for 1970 after the first edition held in Senegal in 1966. But in 1970, she was still nursing her war injuries, and by 1975 when the festival was to begin, a coup had removed General Yakubu Gowon as Head of State. Lt. General Olusegun Obasanjo, the head of the Federal Military Government of Nigeria and Patron of the Second World Black and African Festival of Arts and Culture however, assured of a massive hosting. In a foreword to a publication to herald FESTAC ’77, Obasanjo prophetically noted that the world was gravitating towards violence but that “culture remains one of the most important recourses to sanity and meaningful national development.” He said: “The Second World Black and African Festival of Arts and Culture will be a momentous event in the annals of our cultural crusade.” He was right. At the time it was held, FESTAC ’77 was the largest pan-African gathering to ever take place. And, have we had another one yet? That was the power in a young, energetic Nigeria. She was embedded with so much power, natural and human, that her voice was resonating effective impact. She was, again, every suitor’s dream sweet sixteen. Now, at sixty, from sixteen, how will you compare the two Nigerias? In a kind of answer to questions like this, Chinua Achebe titled his last book “There was a Country.” If we take just FESTAC Town in Lagos as our metaphor, what would we think of Nigeria at 60? Where are those things that stood her out and made her a beautiful bride? Why has she degenerated so much that she has become a metaphor for ugliness? Legal luminary, Chief Niyi Akintola (SAN) told of how crestfallen he was while attending International Bar Association (IBA) conference, last November in South Korea, and the country’s president spoke about how Nigeria had helped the Koreans to climb out of abject poverty. Can we compare with the Koreans today? South Africans too should remember how much Nigeria stood for, by and with them. Legendary Ozzidi King, Sunny Okosuns, sang a lot. Wale Adenuga now known with ‘Super Story’ did his bit. In the days of sweet sixteen Nigeria, his now rested ‘Ikebe Super’ magazine or so, did a cartoon series of how a young queen warrior Nigeria led by General Obasanjo captured Pieter Botha, the leader of apartheid government in South Africa, in a bottle. It was hilarious, but the message was palpable and meaningful. We had groundnut pyramids. We have the Cocoa House in Ibadan, the first skyscraper in West Africa. We had timber and oil palm landmarks. Why has Nigeria now grown only to become the ‘poverty capital of the world’? Why do we speak about good Nigeria in past terms? Why are our legacies wrapped around religion and other personal whims? Where has our industry gone? Where is our Sweet Sixteen Nigeria? In 1972, Johnny Nash sang: “There are More Questions than Answers.” Indeed, there are more questions than answers when we place a sweet sixteen Nigeria beside Nigeria at sixty. What have we done with her youth? Who has raped our country this savagely? Chief Akintola said “our mindset has to be reset because our sense of value has gone to the dogs. He also quoted Cassius in Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar: “The fault is not in our stars but in ourselves, that we are underlings.” He added: “Most of our leaders are not doing serious thinking. We lost great thinkers in Awolowo, using Awolowo as a great example.” At 60, one is expected to have attained certain heights. In most cases, at sixty one has become a grandpa or grandma. But, as the Yoruba say, when you are grown and you lack the characteristics of a grown-up, then you’ll be seen like a child.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!