ACTIVITIES of some officials of the Lagos State Wharf Landing Fees Collecting Authority (LSWLFCA) have been causing nightmares for port operators, importers and clearing agents have alleged. The authority officials, according to port users, mostly collect its statutory N200 for cars and N500 for SUVs from agents and their principals, without issuing receipts, thereby creating rooms for arrest of already cleared vehicles “Due to no evidence of payment issued to port users over imported vehicles, the already cleared vehicle is then intercepted by the LSWLFCA Task Force, and a penalty of N500,000 or N100,000 is then slammed on the vehicle,” an angry clearing agent, Chukwudi Nwankwo lamented. While the authority charges a penalty of N100, 000.00 for individual offenders, it charges corporate offenders N500, 000.00 payable into the authority’s Access Bank account, further findings revealed. When contacted, the LSWLFCA Public Relations Officer who identified himself as Mike Opute denied that anybody was being exploited, saying the penalty is for violation against the Lagos State law. Responding, Mike Opute stated that, “lf they paid, they will be given receipts, but some of them just stretch N200 or N300 to our men and drive away.” When asked about the N100,000 and N500,000 penalty slammed on vehicles, Opute stated that, “We did not make the law; it was made by the Lagos State House of Assembly (LSHA).” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!