Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, on Wednesday, set up a committee to investigate the allegation that palliatives and fertilizer sent to Oju Local Government Area of Benue State were diverted. According to the statement issued by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Terver Akase, the committee is headed by Secretary to the State Government, Professor Anthony Ijohor, SAN. Among the members of the committee are; the Chief of Staff, Hon Terwase Orbunde, Special Adviser, Bureau of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Barrister Kenneth Achabo, as well as Special Adviser on Security, retired Col Paul Hemba. The statement noted that the committee was set up due to the alarm raised by people in the council area. Ortom assured those who felt shortchanged in the distribution of the palliatives in Oju and raised alarm, that their grievances will be addressed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. Ortom sets up committee on alleged diversion of palliative #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!