Five Catholic priests in Issele-Uku Diocese of Delta State have been appointed as Papal Chamberlains (Monsignors) by Pope Francis (x). A statement by the Diocesan Director of Communications, Rev. Fr. Charles Uganwa listed the clerics to include Right Rev. Monsignor John Aduba, Right Rev. Monsignor Michael Nwokolo, Right Rev. Monsignor Parker Ogboi, Right Rev. Monsignor Miletus Eze and Right Rev. Monsignor Augustine Ojei. According to the director, the honour was given to them in recognition of their selfless contributions to the local church and their services to humanity all over Nigeria. He urged them to see the appointment as a call to do more in the development of Nigerian society. Uganwa further explained “the title ‘Monsignor’ is bestowed on a priest who has distinguished himself by exceptional service to the church. “It is a title granted by the Pope upon the recommendation of the priest’s diocesan bishop. “It is a purely honorary title and has no effect on the priest’s duties or ministerial assignment, so a monsignor does not necessarily have any duties distinct from those of any other priest. “However, some positions within the Vatican automatically carry the title of monsignor. “When the bishop of a diocese believes that one of the priests under his authority should be honoured for his exceptional service to the church, he can nominate that priest for the title of monsignor. “The Pope reviews the nomination and makes the final decision. If he decides to grant the title of monsignor to the nominee, the Secretariat of State of the Vatican honours the new monsignor with a formal diploma. “And, because the title of monsignor historically designates a priest who served in the papal curia or Vatican bureaucracy, all Monsignori are officially part of the papal household, whether they serve in the Vatican or elsewhere. “Unlike regular priests, they may wear some of the regalia normally reserved for a bishop.” Issele-Uku which was created on July 5, 1973, by Pope Pius X1 from the territory of Benin Archdiocese has 94 parishes, 232 priests and nine Monsignori. It presently covers six local government areas including Aniocha North, Aniocha South, Oshimili North, Oshimili South, Ika South and Ika North-East, of Delta State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!