YOUTHS of the All Progressive Congress (APC), in Oyo State, have berated the Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, Mr Akeem Olatunji, over comments against the Deputy National Youth Leader of the APC, Mr Afeez Bolaji, popularly known as repete. Olatunji, had in a statement on Saturday, called on the Department of State Security (DSS), to immediately invite Bolaji for questioning over what it described as inciting comments and plot to lead hoodlums to invade the government secretariat at Agodi, Ibadan, where some COVID-19 palliatives meants for the people of the state are kept. Meanwhile, the Oyo APC youths in a statement made available to journalists on Sunday, by their representative, Oladimeji Ojelade, described the call by Olatunji as not only malicious, but also embedded with foolhardiness. The statement reads: “What our leader, Mr Afeez Bolaji, was saying about the COVID-19 palliatives hoarded by the state government was abosolutely right. For Mr Akeem Olatunji, who lacks deep understanding of use of words in public space to now say that Bolaji was inciting the public against the government is an attempt to tarnish his image and probably attaching needless political undertones. ALSO READ: #EndSars: Access Bank to support business with N50bn  “The truth of the matter is that there are COVID-19 palliatives kept somewhere in the Oyo state government secretariat as we speak, and we do not understand why the materials are yet to be distributed to the Oyo State masses whom they are strictly meant for. “So, we see no harm in the fact that our leader decided to let the good people of the state know the true state of things. It is also worthy of note that it was after Mr Afeez Bolaji, revealed the information about the hoarded pallatives that the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, took to his twitter handle and said:”No one will tell you CACOVID did not support the state. “CACOVID promised some truckloads of palliatives but less than half have been received, Despite that, Oyo State kickstarted the 5th leg of palliative, only slowed down by #EndSARS protest.” “It is therefore on this note that we call on the good people of Oyo State to keep tab on this present adminsitration in the state, as it is full of lies and deceits. We promise to at all time expose their hanky-panky aimed at bamboozling innocent people of our dear state.” The statement read. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!