Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State on Tuesday presented the 2021 appropriation bill of N147.9 billion to the state House of Assembly for approval. Speaking at the ceremony, Ganduje said that the budget tagged ‘Budget for Economic Recovery and Sustainable Development’ will focus on education and infrastructure development. He said that N74 billion of the budget was for capital expenditure, representing 55.5 per cent, while N72.2 billion was for recurrent expenditure, representing over 40 per cent. Ganduje said that the total recurrent revenue for the state for 2021 was estimated at N106 billion. He said that the amount included N24 billion Internally Generated Revenue(IGR), N52 billion from the federation account and N28 billion Value Added Tax (VAT). According to Ganduje, over N37.8 billion, representing 25 per cent of the budget is allocated to the education sector, while N11.8 billion is allocated to the Ministry of Works and Infrastructure. He said N25.5 billion was allocated to the health sector, while the Ministry of Environment was allocated N1.1 billion. “We proposed N2.5 billion for the information sector, over N9 billion for water resources, N5.2 billion for the judiciary, while religious affairs was allocated N557 billion. “The budget reflects our vision for diversification of sources of revenue with a view to laying a solid foundation that will guide the administration to pursue its development objectives. “Also to enable us built on our operational principles, aspirations and priorities geared towards the continued leadership position of the state,” he said. Alhaji Abdulazeez Garba-Gafasa, Speaker of the house, promised that the lawmakers would speedily consider and pass the budget. He, however, said that the lawmakers would properly scrutinise the budget and follow due process before its passage. The speaker pledged that the house would continue to work together with the executive for the development of the state. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!