While the country is facing serious crisis following the End SARS protests, other issues equally disturbing should be given the desired attention. Same sex relationships in Nigeria are gradually on the increase despite the prohibition and penalty against such marriage. It is gratifying  that the Nigerian government is against same sex marriage despite the approval of  the US Government for its  citizens to practise this seeming oddity; and even persuading other nations to do same. The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has also frowned  on the practice and has put in place stiff penalties for the practice. For Nigerians living in the UAE, same sex relationship and all other sexual activities outside heterosexual marriage are illegal and are serious crimes that can result in life or a long jail term. Let me at this point applaud the Nigerian Government for early this year, 2020, arraigned for trial 47 men who were accused of practising same sex relationship that is even forbidden in the Holy Books. It is unfortunate to see the Nigerian youth on social media platforms seeking partners that are of the same sex with them for a relationship. These unbecoming activities on same sex affection must be checked, curtailed and eliminated before it is too late. Therefore, the government should be relentless in checking this trend to ensure its death before it turns us into Sodom and Gomorrah, which has destruction as punishment.  Awunah Pius Terwase, Abuja.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!