The National Examinations Council (NECO) has rescheduled some papers in its ongoing senior secondary school-based examination. The papers are those meant for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. The Head of Information and Public Relations division of the organisation, Mr Azeez Sani, gave this hint in a statement on Wednesday evening. He said the council took the decision because of the current security challenges and subsequent imposition of curfew and closure of schools in some states around the country. He noted that all the affected subjects (papers) would now be taken between November 17 and 19 and that the time table to that effect would be released soonest. He said the situation at the moment had made it difficult for the council to move the examination materials across the country. He said the council would continue with the remaining papers as originally scheduled, all things being equal, on Tuesday, October 27. He said the council regretted any inconvenience this development may cause the candidates. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace…  Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing…  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!