The Civil Society – Scaling Up Nutrition in Nigeria (CS-SUNN) has called on the Niger State government to approve the state’s Multi-sectoral Plan of Action for Nutrition currently before it. The executive secretary CS-SUNN,  Dr Beatrice Eluaka, made the call in Minna during a one-day media roundtable on Micro-nutrient Deficiency Control in collaboration with the Federal Ministries  of Health, Agriculture and Rural Development. Eluaka urged the state government to create budget lines for nutrition in all line ministries with specific funds allotted to intervention around micro-nutrients  and ensure timely release of funds for effective implementation and delivery of targets. She explained that the alliance remains committed to advancing Nigeria’s Micro-Nutrient Deficiency Control, (MNDC) and food fortification agenda for improved nutritional status of women and children and vulnerable groups. “In line with this, CS-SUNN along with other partners also supported some State Committees on Food and Nutrition including the Niger State Committee on Food and Nutrition to develop and cost their plans, “ she declared . She also called for  the need for massive sensitization, education, and awareness creation to provoke behavioural changes to promote optimal infant and young child feeding practices among communities in Niger State. She thereby called for more collaboration with the media in CS-SUNN’s efforts to  increase public awareness on nutrition issues. Earlier, Mr. Adam Sam Ukpoju from the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development enumerated  some of the underlying causes of micronutrient deficiency to include lack of access to nutritious foods, lack of money, poor hygiene and poor sanitation. He explained that to combat the challenge, there must be diversification in household food production and consumption as well as increase access to micronutrient, scaling up homestead gardens, encouraging school agriculture programme, among others. Also, the state coordinator of CS-SUNN Felix Igba stated that key issues affecting the alliance were delay in the release of funds, non-implementation of the National Plan of Action for Nutrition and poor government accountability on management of nutrition in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!