Kidnappers of CEO of Efe Samtex Pharmacy Ltd and mother-of-five, Mrs Christy Efede, have demanded N50 million ransom for her release. The gun-wielding hoodlums, at around 8:00 pm on Tuesday, ambushed and abducted the ailing woman in her Sienna space bus along Airport Road. Mrs Efede was returning from her Efe Samtex Pharmacy Ltd with headquarters at Ometa in Warri, Warri South Local Government Area of the state after a hard day’s job when she was abducted. She was with three of her apprentices in her Toyota Sienna space bus. One of the boys, identified as of Friday, was reportedly shot in the anus and still receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital in the town. ALSO READ: Lekki killings: Shodipe-Dosunmu calls for arrest, prosecution of killer soldiers TribuneOnline gathered on Friday that the abductors put a call to one of Mrs Efede’s relatives on Wednesday night demanding N50 million before setting her free. Mrs Efede is reportedly hypertensive and once had a partial stroke, making her family members and children apprehensive about her state of health in the hands of the kidnappers since she was not armed with her daily medication. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Onome Onovwakpoyeya, could not be reached on the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. kidnappers The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. kidnappers  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. kidnappers His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness. kidnappers Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!