A Catholic priest, Fr. Francis Ighorurhie, aged 38, drowned on Thursday night at the flooded area of Kaiama Community in Kolokuma-Opokuma Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. Two school pupils also drowned along the good news area of Azikoro Town in Yenagoa local government area of the state. It was learnt that Fr. Francis Ighorurhie, a Missionary of St. Paul (MSP) from Delta State, was until his death the Parish Priest of St. Joseph Catholic Church, Kaiama. He lost his life when the deceased fell into the water on his way to his residence from a wooden bridge popularly known as “Monkey bridge. According to Community sources, a section of the wooden bridge had been submerged by the rising water making walking on the slippery structure a difficult task for users. A priest who spoke anonymously said, “This is a sad moment for us, Father was on his way back from Bomadi in Delta State when he met his untimely death. But for the flood, he could have driven his car straight to his residence instead parking same by the road. “It was as he was walking on the wooden bridge part of which had been submerged that he slipped and got drowned. Those staying at his residence had to raise alarm when they saw his car by the roadside and he was nowhere to be found. “They, however, became suspicious when they saw a bag containing some provision floating on the water not far from the bridge. Divers were contracted and his remains were recovered.” He added that his remains had been deposited at the morgue of the Federal Medical Centre, Yenagoa. Meanwhile, the two dead school pupils, primary and nursery levels, were reportedly killed in the flood while coming home from school. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…Catholic Priest  Catholic Priest The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Catholic Priest The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84… His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Catholic Priest  Catholic Priest SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.