As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary on a grand style, some Civil Society Organisations (CSO), on Thursday, staged a peaceful protest in and outside Abuja City Centre (ACC), condemning the present administration led by President Muhammadu Buhari, especially in the recent fuel hike and electricity tariff. Among notable human right activists at the protest were Omoyele Sowore, Aisha Yesufu, Deji Adeyanju, Henry Shield, Adebayo Raphael and Ariyo Dare Atoye. ALSO READ: Police arrest over 40 protesters, disperse Yoruba nation agitators in Lagos They all cast different aspersions on All Progressives Congress (APC) and its government for alleged hardship inflicted on Nigerians, saying Nigeria has never had it so bad like this before. All speakers called on all Nigerians, irrespective of their social, religious, tribal or political affiliations to come out en mass and vote out bad leaders in 2003 general elections. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. protest Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. protest Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!