Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Sunday, returns to the state, following the conclusion of the Ondo State governorship poll, in which the incumbent, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, was re-elected for another four- year tenure, and was received at the local wing of Muritala Muhammed International Airport by members of his cabinet, as well as an enthusiastic crowd of Lagosians. Sanwo-Olu was the Chairman, Governorship Campaign Committee of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for the re-election of Governor Akeredolu. The governor, whose plane he came by from Akure touched down at about 6:10 pm, alighted thereafter and was welcome by his exco members led by the Chief of Staff (CoS), Mr Tayo Ayinde, as they approached the plane. Governor Sanwo-Olu later moved round to greet the crowd of people who had gathered to receive him, hours before his plane finally landed, while cultural dancers treated him to some scintillating songs. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. #OndoDecides2020: Pandemonium In Akure Polling Unit As Gunmen Disrupt Voting Pandemonium erupted in Akure on Saturday morning, as gun-wielding men suspected to be political thugs invaded a polling unit located at unit 4, ward 4, Ijomu/Obanla, in Akure South Local Government Area of the state. Ondo election: Sanwo-Olu returns to rousing welcome at Lagos airport SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!