Following the discovery of undistributed COVID-19 palliatives in warehouses across the country by youths who have continued to loot the items, one of the daughters of the President Muhammadu Buhari, Zahra Buhari-Indimi, has absolved her father from the blame over Nigeria’s problem. In a post on her Instagram stories on Sunday, she suggested that her father has done her part by distributing the items but others have apparently deprived the people of the benefit. She said with the discovery, Nigerians now know that the president is not the problem. “Now that people confirmed that Buhari distributed enough palliatives nationwide, it is clear Buhari is not our problem,” she posted. Tribune Online reports that Saturday, in particular, was a day of rage as hungry and angry Nigerians stormed government COVID-19 palliative warehouses in different cities to loot goods. From Abuja FCT, Buruku, Jos Plateau State, Iwo Oyo State, Uyo Akwa Ibom State, Calabar Cross River, Osogbo Osun State to Benin City, Edo State, among others, the youth had a field day stripping stores of their contents despite attempts by security personnel to stop them. Many were heard wondering aloud in viral videos of the looting why there are so much palliative goods stored away in warehouses in the midst of hunger and starvation. Some said the items were purchased with taxpayers money, saying that the people have decided to take back what belongs to them. Some youths were angry that some of the palliatives donated by Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) found their ways to the private warehouses of politicians including that of the majority leader of the House of Assembly, SOB Agunbiade. After his warehouse was raided by the rampaging youth, Agunbiade explained that he wanted to distribute them on the occasion of his birthday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). My dad is not Nigeria’s problem | My dad is not Nigeria’s problem | My dad is not Nigeria’s problem | My dad is not Nigeria’s problem Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!