Governor Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina has assured the people of state that he is committed to completing all ongoing projects began by his administration before the end of his tenure on May 29, 2023. He made the declaration during the inspection of the ongoing comprehensive renovation of the Katsina State House, Abuja, over the weekend. Masari also assured that all ongoing projects and future ones that may be embarked upon will be quality-dirven, so that they may remain in good condition to serve generations to come. He further added that all future projects will be strictly based on the need of the community withing which they are located, assuring that his administration will not bequeath white elephant projects to its successor. A statement issued by his spokesman, Abdu Labaran, quoted him as saying: “We have come along way in our partnership with the good people of Katsina State, and we shall remain steadfast in our commitment to serving them in the best possible way we can. “Let it be clear that we will not relent, and we will never waiver in our focus and commitment to moving Katsina State forward in both human and infrastructural development, withing the limits of the resources available at our disposal.” Governor Masari urged the people to give peace a chance, avoid utterances and actions inimical to peaceful coexistence, support the leadership at all levels of government and remain prayerful as well as law abiding for the overall progress of a united Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.I will complete  I will complete The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.I will complete  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.I will complete His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.I will complete NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.