Few hours after Governor Rotimi Akeredolu was declared as the winner of the Ondo State governorship election, the candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) who contested the election with him, have neither conceded defeat nor congratulated him on the victory. However, the Director-General of Agboola Ajayi Campaign Organization, Dr Kola Ademujinmi, on Sunday, said the party would take an official position on the election after studying reports from its field officers. Ademujinmi who commended the party’s supporters for their resilience, doggedness and strong determination despite the intimidation, harassment and threat before and during the election. He said: “Your overall performance was highly commendable and historical. May God reward your show of love and compassion towards this worthy political project.” Meanwhile, the Deputy Majority Leader of the Senate and Senator representing Ondo North Senatorial District, Prof Ajayi Boroffice, has congratulated governor Rotimi Akeredolu on his re-election victory. Boroffice, in a press statement issued by his media aide, Kayode Fakuyi, said, “the election was credible and Akeredolu’s victory is richly deserved. ALSO READ: I didn’t stop Buhari from scrapping SARS ― Adesina “I commend the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for putting up a stellar performance. It is particularly comforting that there were no reported cases of rigging, snatching of ballot boxes and disenfranchising or intimidation of eligible voters. “Likewise, I salute the security agencies for their professional conducts during the election. They did not only douse pre-election tension, they also put in place water-tight security measures that made peaceful election possible in Ondo State. “Before the election, I urged all APC members in Ondo State to come together, work together and win together. The win has been delivered and I congratulate all members of Ondo APC for the richly deserved win.” He, however, urged Akeredolu to be magnanimous in victory, saying the second term mandate offers another opportunity to mobilise all relevant stakeholders for the development of the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!