As Nigerian youths continue to protest against police brutality and abuse of power, music star and founder of DMW, David Adeleke, also known as Davido, has said that the protest which has lasted for over a week will continue until government takes genuine steps at reforming the Police Force. Davido who led youths on a protest in Abuja before meeting with the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, last week said the protest was not about revolution as some people have suggested, but a movement that would bring about change to the life of every Nigerian. Despite calls from certain parts of the country to halt the protest, Davido said the protest would continue, adding that the protesters are on the streets to draw government’s attention to the poor state of things in critical sectors of the economy such as health, power, security, among others. “We will not stop this protest until we see that government is addressing and taking drastic steps that mirror the concerns of every youth out there. This is not a revolution but a movement that would liberate the citizens and free us all for life,” Davido added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.