A medical expert, Dr Oluwatomi Owopetu has urged the federal government not to undermine palliative care as it seeks to improve care and comfort for Nigerians, including COVID-19 patients. Dr Owopetu, who spoke at a World Hospice and Palliative Care Day’s virtual meeting by the Hospice and Palliative care department of the University College Hospital, Ibadan, stated that palliative care was of utmost importance for the delivery of humane, effective care that is aligned to numerous patients’ expectations, including COVID-19 patients. According to her, although palliative care services were relegated to the background because the health systems had to grapple with providing curative care for the ever-increasing influx of patients with COVID-19, disruptions in accessing such services caused more people to be sick and die from life-limiting illnesses. “Many more people lived with pain and psychosocial issues for which they did not have adequate support through the programme,” she added. She asked that the government put in place protocols to help ensure that in case of another pandemic, many more people would not be excluded from receiving the palliative care services because they could not access care in the hospital, further exacerbating inequities and inequalities. Dr Owopetu said post-COVID-19, there was, therefore, the need to integrate palliative cares services into Primary Health Care system to ensure people in communities can access palliative care in the places where they live, where they work and when they require it. She said however that a public health approach to palliative care would require government stockpiling enough opioid as well as the creating of structures and networks for people to receive basic training on palliative care and provide services in their communities. Dr Owopetu added that only those that were too complex would then be referred to experts in palliative care services based in tertiary institutions or teaching hospitals like the University College Hospital to access care. President, Centre for Palliative Care Nigeria, Professor Olaitan Soyannwo stated that palliative care was not all about those who were dying, but of those living with chronic illnesses, their families and loved ones. Professor Soyannwo, a palliative care expert, stated that palliative care was just as crucial component of healthcare delivery as preventive, curative and rehabilitation aspects of medical care and advocated for greater its inclusion in health policies and guidelines. —Sade Oguntola YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!