For the past few months, I have been having some strange sensations all over my body. Thinking that it was due to the toning skin cream I was using, I stopped using the cream but up till now, no relief. A friend of mine said that it is a symptom of blood cancer. Some said it is an infection. Doctor, are there ailments that are associated with this symptom? If there are, please list them for me so that I will know and also tell me the remedy. And if it is spiritual, let me know. I need a quick reply. Bashir (by E mail) ANSWER  A crawling sensation in the body has many causes which are broadly divided into medical and psychological. The medical causes include certain worm infestations which are peculiar to people who live in endemic areas for this kind of worms such as the one that causes river blindness. People on certain regular medications including some types of contraceptives can also have these symptoms. It can equally occur in some cases of Diabetes or nerve pains. The use of certain medicated soaps, creams and even polluted bath water also have been mentioned as possible causes. This is why you were asked to stop using the toning cream. As for psychological causes, it has been established that people who worry a lot or are depressed sometimes have this crawling sensation. As you can see from the above, the possibilities for your complaint are many. You will therefore need to do a proper check on yourself to know which of the factors may be causing your own problem. You may also need to consult a doctor where necessary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.