Less than 48 hours to the governorship election in Ondo State, representatives of political parties participating in the election were at the office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to witness the distribution of the sensitive materials. Materials for the coastal area of Ilaje local government were the first to be despatched out of the officials the Central Bank of Nigeria premises with heavy security deployed to escort the materials The representative of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Hon Victor Olabitan commended the INEC over the smooth exercise saying the distribution was okay. “They are doing very well. It is done in the full glare of everybody. We are satisfied.” Hon Debo Ologunagba who is the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) agent also described the distribution as seamless, saying “Sensitive documents have been packaged. INEC also gave us a checklist to cross-check and everything is there.” The representative of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP), Tunde Atere, said, “We are here to witness the distribution of sensitive materials. Everything is intact. “This is an improvement of what it used to be. Our monitoring team to follow the materials to destination points are on the ground.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!