The management of Federal Polytechnic, Auchi, Edo State yesterday debunked rumour about the death of the rector, Dr. Sanusi Jimah claiming that he is alive. In a statement in the school bulletin signed by the Public Relations Officer, Mr Oshiobugie Mustafa, he advised the public to disregard the news, adding “that it is the Almighty God that gives life and that by His grace, the rector is alive.” In the statement titled “Sanusi Jimah lives”, the spokesman was however silent about the alleged sickness of the rector which has kept him out of office and social functions for months. Both the management and staff of the polytechnic kept sealed lips about the authenticity and nature of the rector’s sickness. A polytechnic source who would not want his name in print remarked that before the sickness took a turn for the worse, Dr. Sanusi could no longer climb the staircase to his office located on the third floor of the administrative block, a situation which has led to the setting up of an emergency office on the first floor of the administrative block. The source said that even with the new arrangement of office, Dr. Sanusi absent was still conspicuous as he was not able to make it there severally because of his deteriorating health condition. The source said that he has reportedly been transferred to another hospital outside Auchi to an undisclosed health centre within the country for further treatment following the deterioration of his health. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!