The Deji of Akure Kingdom, Oba Akadelusi Aladetoyinbo on Wednesday threatened to place curses on anyone or group creating political tension or violence in the state ahead of the Saturday governorship election in Ondo State. Oba Aladetoyinbo who issued this threat in his Palace in Akure, Ondo State capital, during a meeting with representatives of political parties, various groups, youth leaders, security personnel and other stakeholders. He appealed to all the stakeholders to embrace peace while he called on political actors to play the games by the rules, saying anybody or group that perpetrates any form of political violence before, during and after the October 10 governorship election in the Akure Kingdom will be seriously dealt with. The monarch who was represented by the Elemo of Akure, High Chief Segun Adedipe, condemned pockets of violence witnessed in some part of the city saying the palace would not take it lightly with anyone who sponsors violence within the Akure Kingdom. Also speaking, the Akanpinsa of Ipinsa, Oba Olufunmilayo Omoniyi also appealed to political parties to avoid clash so that the state will not witness a repeat of 1983 crisis which led to the destruction of property and loss of lives. Oba Omoniyi urged all stakeholders to embrace peace during and after the October 10 governorship election. Representatives of political parties at the event promised to embrace and preach peace to their followers. Don’t Ignore Calls For Restructuring, Awolowo Dosumu Counsels FG Former Nigerian Ambassador to the Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, has admonished the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government not to ignore calls for a restructuring…Deji of Akure threatens  Deji of Akure threatens Woman, Two Others Share Nobel Prize In Physics The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics. While one half was awarded to Roger Penrose the other half was jointly awarded to Reinhard Genzel…Deji of Akure threatens  Deji of Akure threatens FG Planning More COVID-19 Palliatives For Nigerians ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government is working on providing more palliatives to relive the pains of the COVID-19 pandemic on citizens…Deji of Akure threatens  Deji of Akure threatens NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!