The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila has congratulated Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, on his re-election. Hon. Gbajabiamila said Akeredolu’s reelection has shown that both the governor and his party, the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has wide acceptance among the people of the state. Besides, the Speaker said, Akeredolu’s victory is a testament of his good leadership in his first tenure, calling on him to bring more dividends of democracy to his people. The Speaker also commended the hard work of the Lagos State, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, who is the APC National Campaign Chairman for the Ondo State election. ”Governor Sanwo-Olu sold the achievements of Governor Akeredolu to the people of Ondo through his strategic implementation of the party’s campaign programme”. Hon. Gbajabiamila said the people of Ondo State have made the right choice by returning Governor Akeredolu for the second term. Hon. Gbajabiamila called on the people of Ondo State to give Governor Akeredolu the maximum support he requires to succeed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!