The Nigerian Police Force on Wednesday came out with five important facts about the newly-created Special Weapons and Tactical Team (SWAT), saying no personnel of the defunct Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) will be part of the new SWAT. In a series of tweets by the police through the Force Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, the police also announced that members of the new outfit will not embark on routine patrols and are barred from searching people’s phones, laptops and other devices.  According to the police in the Tweet entitled: “Important Facts about the newly-created tactical team,” the police highlighted the five facts to include: 1. No personnel of the defunct SARS will be selected to be part of the new tactical team. 2. Operations of the new tactical team will be strictly intelligence-driven. 3. Members of the new tactical team will by no means embark on routine patrols. 4. Members of the new tactical team are barred from an indiscriminate and unlawful search of phones, laptops and other smart devices. 5. Operatives of the new tactical team must be free of any pending disciplinary matter especially those touching on misuse of firearms and abuse of human rights.  The force also added that the mandate of the new team include: 1. Response to robbery attacks 2. Response to scenes of weapon-related crimes 3. Rescue operations 4. Special operations involving high profile criminals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…No SARS personnel  No SARS personnel  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…No SARS personnel  No SARS personnel  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…No SARS personnel SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!