Minutes after the Edo State Government issued a statement, claiming that the government warehouse at Medical Store Road, Benin City, looted early Saturday morning, contained palliative items to mitigate plights of unforeseen disasters in the state, angry youths in the state capital burgled another warehouse downtown Sapele Road. In a video of the latest incident released to the social media space, residents of the ancient city were seen carting away items similar to the ones looted at the Medical Sore Road warehouse. The Sapele warehouse, however, is located in an uncompleted building, thus making it concealed and from the members of the public. Besides that, another warehouse in an uncompleted building at the Golf Course Road, G.R.A., was also looted and items believed to be COVID-19 pandemic palliative were looted. In the 17-minute video of the Sapele Road warehouse looting, the angry youths were hard lamenting the wicked nature of government in keeping items meant to be distributed to the people in an uncompleted building. Meanwhile, the orgy of looting has been extended to private warehouses in the ancient city. In one of the images made available to Tribune Online, people were spotted at private warehouses at Eribo Estate area of Textile Mills Road in Egor Local Government Area of the state. Tribune Online recalled that on Thursday, the Edo State Police Command announced that it had arrested nine suspects, who were believed to be responsible for the looting of a private warehouse, Omoregie Rice Warehouse, Upper Sokponba Road, Benin, where they carted away an unspecified number of bags of rice before luck ran out of them. Upper Sokponba, has, since violence broke out in Benin on Monday, remains a flashpoint of arson and looting, with three police stations: Ugbekun, Dumez and Idogbo, being burnt down by suspected hoodlums who infiltrated the ranks of the #EndSARS protesters in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens….Another palliative warehouse  Another palliative warehouse ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest….Another palliative warehouse Another palliative warehouse ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice…Another palliative warehouse NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!