The House of Representatives on Thursday issued a seven-day ultimatum to the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Adamu Mohammed to appear over allegations bothering on brutality and extra-judicial killings levelled against officers of the defunct Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). Chairman of the Joint Committee on Justice, Human Rights, Police Affairs, Hon. Ugonna Ozurigbo issued the notice during a press briefing on the alleged brutality and extra-judicial killings by the defunct Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS ) of the Nigeria Police Force. While noting that the urgency of the matter at hand, members of the joint Committee unanimously resolved to direct the Inspector General of Police to appear before it on Thursday, October 22, 2020. The Committee also resolved to conduct public hearings in the six geopolitical zones of the country, adding that details of this shall be made available to the general public. The lawmakers also resolved to create dedicated WhatsApp platforms (09130248644, 09075619076) and e-mail: nass.policeinvestigation@gmail.com for victims affected by Police brutality. Families of deceased victims and victims that are unlawfully detained by the operatives of the defunct SARS are enjoined to furnish the Committee information that would enable it to carry out this all-important task. While reiterating the resolve of the Committee towards the discharge of the mandate, the Chairman reassured Nigerians that the activities of the 9th House of Representatives under the leadership of the Rt. Hon. Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila, is guided by considerations of the best of the Nigerian people in line with its legislative agenda. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!