Three men were on Monday arraigned before an Ado-Ekiti Chief Magistrates’ Court over the alleged exhumation of corpses and severing their heads in the state. The defendants, Kola Fatoye(40), Abimbola Fatoye(35) and Ahmed Ojo(56) are facing a charge of exhumation of corpses. The prosecutor, Inspector Monica Ikebuilo, told the court that the defendants committed the offence between March and September 2020 in Orun-Ekiti. She alleged that the defendants dug up graves and severed heads of corpses at St.Paul Anglican Church Cemetery in Orun-Ekiti. Ikebuilo said names of the severed corpses are late Pa Philip Akintayo, late Mrs Moreani Ajayi and eight other corpses and using same for ritual(criminal charms) which was found in the possession of the defendants without reasonable excuse. According to her, the offences contravened and punishable under section 242(1) b, 210 (e) and 213(b) of the Criminal Code, Laws of Ekiti State, 2012. The prosecutor urged the court to remand the defendants in the Ado Ekiti Correctional Centre pending legal advice from the office of Director of Public Prosecution (DPP). The plea of the defendants was not taken. The Chief Magistrate, Mrs Adefumike Anoma, consequently ordered the remand of the defendants at the correctional centre, pending issuance of legal advice. She later adjourned the case until November 6 for mention. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!