The Peoples Democratic Party, Governors’ Forum (PDPGF) has called for “a national conversation” to determine the way forward for the country. In a statement to mark the nation’s 60th Anniversary issued by its Chairman and Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, in Abuja on Thursday, the governors pointed out that Nigeria cannot continue to remain helpless in the face of the challenges confronting her people. They cautioned that the worsening social contradictions starring Nigerians in the face must not be allowed to destroy the country. The governors, however, expressed the optimism that “the nation can be rescued from the current slide. “” The Forum was of the view that it is through a national conversation or dialogue that realistic and acceptable solutions could be found to the problems that have continued to pose a threat to peaceful coexistence and national unity. The PDPGF maintained that given the magnitude of the problems in our polity today, the efforts of the National Assembly should be enriched by the participation of relevant stakeholders. The governors insisted that national dialogue is needed among the various groups and leaders in Nigeria to discuss and further agree on how to continue to make the country a better place for all. The PDP elected Governors contended that working together, the nation can be repositioned for greatness. The PDPGF’s statement reads in part, “We cannot continue to plead indifference or remain helpless in the face of the challenges confronting us as a people. “Nigeria is our common heritage. We must not allow the worsening social contradictions to destroy our country. ALSO READ: Kogi gov, Bello gets another approval for over N1.5bn loan “At 60, we have indeed come of age. And we are optimistic that the nation can be rescued from the current slide. “Given the evident social discontent within the polity, there is a need for a national conversation on the way forward for our beloved but beleaguered nation. “In this conversation, the modernisation of our economy to meet the challenges of technology, innovation is of crucial importance. “It is through such a national conversation or dialogue that we can find realistic and acceptable solutions to the problems that have continued to pose a threat to peaceful coexistence and national unity.” The forum, which expressed appreciation at what the National Assembly has done over the years in the alteration of the Constitution to strengthen of the nation’s democracy, said, “Given the magnitude of the problems in our polity today, the efforts of the National Assembly, should be enriched by the participation of relevant stakeholders. “We need a national dialogue among the various groups and leaders in Nigeria to discuss and further agree on how to continue to make Nigeria a better place for all.” The PDP Governors saluted the doggedness and indomitable spirit of Nigeria’s founding fathers, who laboured strenuously and expended the energies of their youth to ensure the birth of a new nation on October 1, 1960. They added, “Through the collective efforts and struggles of our founding fathers, the indomitable Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe, the ebullient Sir Ahmadu Bello, the graceful Alhaji Tafawa Balewa, and the sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo and their other notable compatriots, Nigeria achieved independence from British colonial domination. “On this special occasion of the nation`s Diamond jubilee, we acknowledge the sacrifices of these founding leaders who gave us hope for the future; a future that we could be proud of.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!