As Nigeria celebrates her 60th Independence Anniversary, the Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Musa Bello, on Thursday, stressed the need for all the residents in the territory to continue to strive to project those values that have always kept the country together as a single undivided entity. Malam Bello, in his message to FCT residents to mark Nigeria at 60, urged them to use the opportunity provided by the anniversary to demonstrate acts of unity and togetherness towards their neighbours and everyone else they come in contact with. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Anthony Ogunleye, and made available to newsmen in Abuja, the minister further called on residents to continue to work towards the unity of the country and togetherness of all citizens. He described the FCT as the symbol of Nigeria’s unity, adding that the burden to exemplify the symbol rests on the residents of the FCT. According to the FCT minister: “For us in the FCT, the dream of our founding fathers was to build a city that showcases our national aspirations. ALSO READ: Nigeria@60: Gombe governor salutes Nigerians “As our nation turns 60, we are glad to note that FCT is in its 44 years of existence. In the period, the territory has been blessed with an emergent Abuja generation. These are Abuja-born men and women who are today in their forties, thirties, twenties and tens. I, therefore, charge them to own the Abuja dream and work towards the preservation of our collective heritage.” He pleaded. While wishing all residents a happy 60th Anniversary celebration, the FCT minister urged them to see the occasion as an opportunity to take stock of the great strides in nation-building and march to a brighter future. “It is also a moment to pay tribute to the great men and women who have made great sacrifices to bring us to where we are today. These include all our nationalists, leaders, statesmen and citizens.” He added. He particularly commended President Muhammadu Buhari, for his exemplary leadership at this time of Nigeria’s history as an independent nation, saying that “his unique character and personality have done much to imbue hope in a greater future as well as in shaping our ethos in our transition to a brighter future.” The FCT minister also used the occasion to commend health personnel, first responders and other partners who have worked hard and made sacrifices towards checking the COVID 19 pandemic which he said: “has threatened has collective wellbeing, taken the lives of some of our loved ones, constrained our social interactions and hindered our economic progress.” Malam Bello, however, added that, while there is no doubt that the virus is under control, there is need for all hands to still be on deck, saying COVID-19 remains a very deadly disease judging from the experiences of other countries. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!