The new Vice-Chancellor of Ajayi Crowther University, Oyo, Prof. Timothy Adebayo, has appealed to concerned authorities to urgently repair bad portions of the Oyo-Ogbomoso Road. Prof Adebayo spoke on the dilapidated condition of the road following the resumption of students of the university. He noted that the students and other road users have had harrowing experiences plying the road. “The road is so bad that people spend hours on it, especially the portion in front of our university. I am compelled to call on the state and Federal Governments to urgently repair that road in order to alleviate the suffering of road users, especially our students and staff who ply that road daily,” Prof Adebayo said. The vice-chancellor, who assumed duty a week ago, said he felt compelled to make the appeal not only because the bad road affects the university community, but also because it is a major entry to Ogbomoso, Ilorin and other parts of Northern Nigeria, thus affecting the economy of the state. He urged the relevant authorities to carry out urgent repairs because it has a great economic impact on Oyo State in terms of movement of people and goods, including foodstuff. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!