Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Thursday, said it is in deep mourning over the Tuesday’s shooting of #EndSARS protesters in Lekki area of Lagos State by those it described as bloodsucking solders, demanding the arrest and trial of the soldiers involved. Afenifere also said it was also pathetic that President Muhammadu Buhari had kept mute over the killings and had not deemed it necessary to visit the scene or commiserate with those who lost dear ones in the incident. This was just as the group reiterated its call for the immediate restructuring of the country to avoid imminent collapse. Leader of the group, Pa Ayo Fasoranti, said this in a statement, just as he reiterated that Afenifere identified with the youths in their demands for a better society, while also demanding to know through an international inquiry those who deployed those soldiers since the state governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, denied inviting them to Lagos. Fasoranti denounced the high-level destruction that trailed the Lekki shootings, calling for a halt and appealed for calm, just as he noted that the group was not unawares of an attempt to cause ethnic divisions over what was going on. “Afenifere is in deep mourning over the Tuesday’s shooting of peaceful innocent protesters in Lekki by solders. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Edo police arrest nine rice looters in Benin “Space, where Muslims prayed on Friday and Christians on Sunday, was turned to a bloody ground when the Nigerian state showed its bestiality. We mourn all the dead and commiserate with their families. “We once again identify with the young ones in their just demands for a better society. “Mr Babajide Sanwo-0lu, the governor of Lagos State, has denied inviting solders to Lagos, we need to know who deployed them through an international inquiry. “It is also pathetic that the president has kept mute over the situation and has not deemed it necessary to visit the scene or commiserate with those who lost dear ones. “We appeal for calm and a halt to destruction. We are not unaware of the attempt to cause ethnic divisions over what is going on. We should be careful not to play into the hands of those who have exploited our peoples through divide and rule over the years. “The unity of the oppressed is key at the moment and our peoples are enjoined to avoid any action that could be misinterpreted as solidarity is required at this moment. “We demand the arrest and trial of all the men who have caused sorrow, tears and blood,” the Afenifere leader said. Pa Fasoranti, while reiterating Afenifere’s call for the immediate restructuring of the country to avoid imminent collapse, also called on Governor Sanwo-Olu to show better humanity than the Federal Government by apologising over the shootings to partly assuage feelings and show value for human lives. The elder statesman said that the sociopolitical group shall be at the forefront of seeking justice and would not relent in making all sacrifices to make Nigeria a proper federal state that can guarantee happiness for its people. “We cannot end this without once again calling for the immediate restructuring of Nigeria to avoid imminent collapse. “We call on the governor of Lagos to show better humanity than the Federal Government by apologising over the incident to partly assuage feelings and show value for human lives. “Afenifere shall be at the forefront of seeking justice and will not relent in making all sacrifices to make Nigeria a proper federal state that can guarantee happiness for its people,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!