Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State on Monday commended the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, for disbanding the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) of the Nigeria Police Force. In a statement personally signed by him in Asaba, Okowa said the disbandment of SARS was a decisive and prompt way by the IGP in responding to the legitimate concerns of Nigerians. According to him, the #ENDSARS protest by youths across the country had become a national and international movement. Describing the disbandment of the squad as a “welcome development’’, the governor said; “the Nigerian youths can take pride in the fact that they have won a major victory for the right to free movement and association without let or hindrance. “While commending the Police for not suppressing these protests, the disbandment of SARS is a visible demonstration of how government agencies should respond to the grievances of our people and their agitations for justice and good governance in a democracy. “Finally, let me say that the IGP should not stop at disbanding SARS. That is but one step in the multiple steps required in carrying out a comprehensive reform of the Nigeria Police Force. “Such reform should cover matters relating to recruitment, training and welfare of the rank and file.’’ YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!