President Muhammadu Buhari has on Friday commenced a crucial meeting with former Nigerian leaders. It started at 9 am and it will ostensibly dwell on the #EndSARS protests and the accompanying deaths and destruction. Those attending the virtual meeting are Generals Yakubu Gowon, Olusegun Obasanjo, Abdulsalami Abubakar; Chief Ernest Shonekan and Dr Goodluck Jonathan. President Buhari is presiding over the meeting from the Council Chambers of the Presidential Villa, Abuja. ALSO READ: Stolen rice from Lagos warehouse not from Humanitarian ministry ― Authorities Physically present at the Council Chambers with the President are Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Secretary to Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha; Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari and National Security Adviser, Major General Babagana Monguno. Others include the Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olanisakin, Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, Director General, Department of State Services, Yusuf Bichi and Director-General, National Intelligence Agency, Ahmed Rufai. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19. Buhari Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving. Constitution amendment: Send your position to the committee, Senate replies NEF The Senate on Monday responded to the claim by the Northern Elders Forum that the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution was needless. Buhari The NEF in a communique issued at the weekend and signed by its Secretary, Dr Hakeem Baba -Ahmed dismissed the move by the Senate as mere jamboree to waste taxpayers money. Buhari Constitution amendment: Send your position to the committee, Senate replies NEF  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!