As the global community celebrates this year’s World Teachers’ Day, Oyo State government, on Monday, said the welfare of teachers and schools’ infrastructure would be given topmost priority. The executive chairman of Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Dr Nureni Adeniran, made this disclosure in a statement issued to commemorate World Teachers’ Day. He maintained that arrangements were on to prioritise incentives for teachers working in rural parts of the state, with a view to attract young talents into the teaching profession. According to Adeniran, “Teachers are one of the most influential forces for equity, access and quality in education. Governor Seyi Makinde’s administration places much emphasis on human capital development. “We will give more attention to training and re-training of teachers in order to enhance their capacities for effective service delivery,” he remarked. While noting that the state government was steadily addressing some of the fundamental issues of teachers and education in the state, Adeniran underscored the need to revitalise the education sector, just as he applauded the efforts of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT), the Association of Primary School Head Teachers and other bodies in strengthening teachers’ quality. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… teachers’ welfare SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!