Three suspected armed robbers have been arrested by the police in Armorji village, Agulu in Anocha local government area of Anambra State. The suspects are20-year-old Chibuike Allwell, 16-year-old Chiemena Uwuoba both natives of Abia State and 20-year-old Ileabuchi Chukwudi of Umorji-village, Agulu, According to SP Haruna Mohammed, the Command’s spokesperson, who announced this in a statement, the arrest was made on Sunday, October 11 at about 12:28 am following a distress call from one Okafor Fidelis of Amorji village Agulu in Anaocha LGA of Anambra State. The tipster, according to the statement, said that the suspected robbers armed with dangerous weapons broke into his residence and stole N20,000. Mohammed said as a result of the distress call, Police operatives attached to Neni division in conjunction with local vigilante group quickly responded, rushed to the scene and the three suspects were arrested. “Meanwhile, exhibits recovered in their possession include the sum of N20,000, one axe, one cutlass, one knife, one spanner, two torch lights, charms and other incriminating items.” He added that the “case is under investigation after which suspects would be charged to court for prosecution.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. STILL TRENDING: IGP Disbands SARS Following Nationwide #EndSARS Protests In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. IPPIS: Buhari’s Statement Not Targeted At Us ― ASUU The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said it is confident that President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement that no enrol on Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) was directed at ASUU members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!