The troops of Operation Sahel Sanity of Nigeria operating in the North-West have killed 38 bandits, rescued 108 kidnapped victims and destroyed 10 bandits camps in Katsina, Sokoto and Zamfara States. Speaking during a press conference, on Monday, at Faskari Army Super Camp, the Acting Director Defence Media Operations, Brigadier-General Bernard Onyeuko, said the troops have intensified operational activities in the theatre of operation. “Nigerian Army’s mandate is to completely rid the North-West zone of the country of armed bandits, cattle rustlers, kidnappers and incessant killings of innocent citizens.” According to him, the gallant troops have led the degradation of the bandits and their activities to the barest minimum as indicative by the successes recorded. “These gains are gradually bringing stability and normalcy back to the zone as evident by the massive resumption of farming and socio-economic activities.” It is important to note that the tremendous successes achieved since the commencement of the operation could not have been possible without the sacrifice, He disclosed that the commitment and gallantry exhibited by the professionally and responsive soldiers of the Nigerian Army some of whom have paid the supreme price in the course of their professional duties. “Within this period carried out a series of clearance operations, ambushes, day and night patrols denying bandits and other criminal elements any respite.” ALSO READ: Osun monarch escapes being kidnapped as hoodlums attack his palace “Numerous farm and highway patrols were carried out within Sokoto, Katsina, Kaduna, Kebbi and Zamfara States thus boosting the confidence of the locals as well as commuters in carrying out their daily activities without hindrance.” The operations have led to the rescue of kidnapped victims, neutralisation of bandits, arrest of several bandits informants and collaborators, recovery and return of rustled cattle to their owners. “A number of bandits logistics network have been smashed leading to the arrest of some of the syndicate members.” “The operations conducted between September 4 -October 25, 2020, 38 armed bandits were neutralised while 93 suspected bandits logistics suppliers and collaborators were arrested.” He maintained that a total of 131 cows, 154 sheep/rams and 1 camel were recovered. “In all the search and rescue operations carried out,108 kidnapped victims were rescued,90 bandits informants and collaborators,3 rustled cattle marketers and 12 bandits logistics suppliers were arrested.” “A total of 10 bandit’s camps and their logistics bases were destroyed by troops, Relatedly 47 bandits attacks and 31 kidnap incidents were foiled by the troops.” The troops further reassured of the Nigerian Army’s commitment to restore total peace in the zone and indeed the entire country. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    We killed 38 bandits, destroyed 10 camps, rescued 108 victims in North-West, says Army Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!