I first noticed the bow legs of my daughter at 12 months when she started to walk. Her father and I were assured that the legs would straighten up as she grew older. However, she is now 6 years old and she still has bow legs. Kindly advise. Kikelomo (by SMS)  Even though infants are born bowlegged because of their folded position in their mother’s womb, bowed legs begin to straighten once the child starts to walk and the legs begin to bear weight.  By 3 years of age, the child can most often stand with the ankles apart and the knees just touching. If the bowed legs are still present, the child is called bowlegged. Bowlegs may be caused by illnesses, such as abnormal bone development, Blount’s disease, Lead or fluoride poisoning as well as Rickets, which is caused by a lack of vitamin D. Blood tests may be needed to rule out rickets while X-rays may assist in knowing more about the bone development. Special shoes, braces, or casts can be tried if the condition is severe or the child also has another disease. It is unclear how well these devices work. At times, surgery is done to correct the deformity in an adolescent with severe bowlegs.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by a suspected internet fraudster FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.