Nigeria will soon assume the status of the best mining country in African., the outgoing Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, Mr Edet Sunday Akpan, disclosed this in Abuja. Mr Akpan, who said with the foundation on ground, Nigeria will soon assume the greatest industry in Africa, made this disclosure while handing over to his successor, Dr (Mrs.) Oluwatoyin Akinlade, as the new Permanent Secretary of the ministry in Abuja. According to him: ”I have been deployed to the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology, but with the foundation on ground, my successor will do better.” While appreciating the staff for their cooperation, Mr Akpan appealed to them to stretch hands of fellowship to the new permanent secretary so as to excel in her duties. ALSO READ: Gowon, Jonathan join Buhari for October 1 celebration He thanked the staff, who he described as resourceful, saying, there was cordial relationship working as a team to achieve their goals. In her remarks, the incoming Permanent Secretary, Dr Akinlade said the presidential mandate is clear and with the good foundation already laid by her predecessor, it would be easy to succeed. “With the calibas of focused and experienced Directors in this ministry, we will build on the already success stories.” She promised. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. nigeria This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. mining Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. mining SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!