The transfer window period is at the peak with many ins and outs being recorded. Atletico Madrid and Juventus are among the clubs actively pursuing strikers to boost their attack and goal tally. BetMGM promotional codes provide an avenue for players to bet on the teams while enjoying top promotions and bonuses tailored for new and existing players. Additionally, while betting on different sports, DraftKings sportsbook promo code will also provide more features including a mobile platform that you can use to back Morata, Suarez, among other players to score. According to reports, Juventus had originally targeted Luis Suarez of Barcelona to join the Old Lady but passport issues meant that the deal was in doubt. As a consequence, Juventus turned their attention to loan Alvaro Morata from Atletico Madrid to fill the void left by Gonzalo Higuain. The former Juventus player who spent two years on loan (2014-2016) has already been re-signed once more on loan after Juventus offered £9m to Atletico Madrid. The club has a further £41m on the table to sign Morata on a permanent deal if all goes well. During his loan stint in Italy, the 27-year-old Spaniard won two Scudetto titles and within the period, he also managed to reach and play the 2015 UEFA Champions League final with Juventus. Juventus confirmed the loan deal on their official website with a message ‘Alvaro Morata has returned home!’ The move to Italy has opened an avenue for Atletico Madrid to go after Luis Suarez who is reportedly not under Ronald Koeman’s plans. The 33-year-old Uruguayan has agreed to the exit and has reportedly had his contract terminated by Barcelona allowing him to join Atletico Madrid on a free transfer. According to Mundo Deportivo, Luis Suarez has already agreed on personal terms with the Madrid team. Once the contract termination is made official, the transfer will have the green light to go on. Prior to Ronald Koeman’s arrival this season, the veteran Uruguayan striker recorded great numbers during the last season (21 goals and 12 assists) underlining his importance and what he can bring to Diego Simeone’s side. To cap it, Suarez has also won several major honors with Barcelona which goes on to show his worth. But how would Luis Suarez’s arrival impact Diego Costa? The veteran Spaniard is another player under speculation with Atletico determined to cash on him. It is reported that Fenerbahce are interested in his services but so far there has not been any concrete offer made. However, if the sale is not made, a partnership of Luis Suarez and Diego Costa, if he avoids injuries, could be one that would propel Atletico to win some honors. Barcelona, on the other hand, are on a clearing spree with Ronald Koeman determined to land on his players who can play his style. With the speculation surrounding the exit of their talisman Lionel Messi ending, the Catalan club looks to strengthen their team with the addition of Miralem Pjanic from Juventus and other rumored players such as Memphis Depay of Lyon and Georginio Wijnaldum of Liverpool. Arturo Vidal and Nelson Semedo are some of the players offloaded in the Barca clearout.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!