Following the Coca-Cola Foundation’s $2.5million grant to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) to support the fight against COVID-19 pandemic in the West and Central Africa sub-regions, IFRC alongside Nigerian Red Cross (NRC) has started the distribution of PPEs, among other relief materials in Nigeria. The grant, which leverages the partnership between Coca-Cola and IFRC, seeks to support national efforts in the fight against the coronavirus disease through the provision of essential medical supplies, personal protective equipment (PPE) and risk communications to affected communities, healthcare personnel on the frontlines and treatment centres across the country. Speaking on the donation, Managing Director, Coca-Cola Nigeria Limited, Yebeltal Getachew, said: “The Coca-Cola System (Coca-Cola Nigeria, Nigeria Bottling Company and Chi Limited) remains committed to providing support to the communities we serve during these challenging times. By providing healthcare workers with much-needed PPEs, we are confident that this will go a long way in ensuring their safety as they remain on the frontlines of the fight against COVID-19. Coca-Cola is proud to support the Red Cross as we deliver on our purpose of making a difference across the world”. Medical supplies being donated comprise N95 respirators, surgical masks, examination gloves, face shields, medical gowns, no-touch thermometers, disposable aprons, heavy-duty rubber gloves, rubber boots, basic masks, disposable gloves, and hand sanitizers. Expressing his gratitude towards the initiative, Secretary-General for the Nigerian Red Cross Society, Abubakar Kende, said: “We have identified the facilities in urgent need of these PPEs in consultation with NCDC and the Federal Ministry of Health and will subsequently be distributed to these centres. This will ensure that treatment centres across the country are properly equipped with necessary PPEs as we continue to fight the disease”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Akeredolu wins Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!