A pregnant woman was reportedly killed during a stampede as hoodlums burgled and carted away COVID-19 palliatives at a warehouse in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Council Secretary of Kaura Local Government Council, Mr Sunday Tibishi, disclosed this while speaking to the media on Wednesday. According to him, no arrest has been made but security operatives are on the trail of the looters. The deceased pregnant woman, Mrs Esther Mba, who was trapped during the stampede, fell and was trampled upon till she died. A source who pleaded anonymity said the looters broke into the warehouse at about 7 pm on Monday night in spite of the gunshots fired by the security and local vigilantes. As at the time of filing this report, there is no confirmation from the police as the police public relations officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige said the command is yet to be briefed on the incident. Her kinsmen, it was learnt, are preparing for her burial in Kagoro town as at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!