THE University of Port Harcourt has announced the appointment of the Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Bashir Jamoh, as Chairman of the Governing Board of the institution’s Centre for Logistics and Transport Studies. A letter signed by the Vice Chancellor of the university, Professor Stephen Okodudu, said Dr. Jamoh was chosen by virtue of his position as Director-General of NIMASA, stressing that his appointment “is an eloquent testimony to your outstanding contributions to national development.” Dr. Jamoh, an alumnus of the university, was requested to assume office as the new Chairman of the 10 member Governing Board of the Centre for Logistics and Transport Studies, University of Port Harcourt. The Board would be inaugurated at a later date. In his acceptance remarks, Dr. Jamoh expressed his appreciation to the university for the recognition, saying it is an encouragement to do more for the improvement of transportation in the country. He stated, “I wholeheartedly appreciate this recognition by my great alma mater. It is a huge honour to me, the Agency, and indeed, the entire transport and logistics community. This appointment is a great spur to me to work harder to not only elevate the position of the Centre for Logistics and Transport Studies, University of Port Harcourt, but also improve transportation, generally, at this critical juncture in our national development. “I know with God on my side, and the collective support of members of the University of Port Harcourt community, we shall succeed.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!