THE Debt Management Office (DMO) on behalf of the Federal Government of Nigeria has announced the offer for subscription by auction, a total of N30bn worth of bonds on October 21. This was disclosed in a circular which was issued by the Debt Management Office. According to the circular, a breakdown of the offer by the DMO showed that the sum of N15 billion will be a 15-year re-opening bond at 12.5 per cent per annum, that would mature in March 2035 and another N15 billion 25-year re-opening bond at 9.8 per cent per annum, that would mature in July 2045. According to the DMO, the auction date is October 16, 2020, and the settlement date for the bonds to be auctioned is October 23, 2020. The bond will be sold at N1,000 per unit subject to a minimum subscription of N50,001,000 and in multiples of N1,000 thereafter. It should be noted that interest payment is payable semi-annually and the bullet repayment is on the maturity date.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.