As floods continue to ravage many communities in Delta State with children dying in the process, a community leader, Mr EnaiboAsiayei has called on the federal and state governments to intervene urgently. Mr Asiayei, who is also the General Manager of GbaramatuVoiceMedia House, made this known at a press conference held recently in Warri. The general manager cited his community,Bobougbene in Burutu Local Government Area of Delta State as an urgent case where the floods had submerged various houses and destroyed properties and even crops. This, according to him, is a threat to livelihood and lives of the indigenes as a whole. He further said that over the years as far back as 2012, the floods have grown to be a monstrous challenge faced by his community as this year’s flood even claimed the life of a child who fell from the wooden bed he was sleeping on into the flood water and then drowned. Mr Enaibosaid he and community members were pained to the core, therefore he had to speak up for his community and others suffering this plight of flooding. He also said that due to the floods, reptiles such as snakes and crocodiles would invade the community which needless to say, poses a direct threat to human lives. He therefore called on the Federal Government and state government, particularly the Governor of Delta State, Dr IfeanyiOkowa who he described as a proactive governor who listens to his people to please come to the rescue of these affected communities by looking into the matter and providing possible solutions for the flooding concern. In the same vein,Bobougbene community chairman, Mr Matthew Agbada expressed his bemusement at the nonchalance of the government towards the raging floods in his community and other communities. He said this had gone on for too long and so he expected that by now, the government would have intervened. He therefore called on both the Federal Government and the state government to do the needful and address the plights of their citizens as these communities face the danger of extinction.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.