As the nationwide protest against police brutality takes a violent twist, the Nigerian Police Force, Bayelsa State Command, on Friday met with leaders of Ohanaeze Ndigbo and Arewa Community in Bayelsa State over a rumoured plan by some disgruntled elements to attack some group of persons. According to a statement by the State Police Public Relations Officer ( PPRO), Asinim Butswat, the Commissioner of Police, Mike Okoli, in his continued efforts to ensure peace and stability in the State called the meeting to prevent the protest from resulting to inter-ethnic clash. Parts of the statement read “the President of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Bayelsa State, Chief Amaku Chinedu and the President of the Arewa Community, Alhaji Abubakar Adam Balis in Bayelsa State, in separate remarks distanced themselves and their members from such purported plans to attack any group of persons in Bayelsa State. “They assured the CP that they will continue to live in harmony with the host community and that they will appeal to their people, never to take the law into their hands. “The CP appealed to both the Arewa and the Igbo Community in Bayelsa State to remain calm and furnish the Command with credible information on any evil plan by hoodlums, as the Command is poised to maintain the existing peace and ensure the protection of lives and property in the State.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens… Police meet leaders  Police meet leaders ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…. Police meet leaders  Police meet leaders ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice… Police meet leaders  Police meet leaders NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!