The Edo State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Johnson Babatunde Kokumo has vowed to arrest the killers of one Mr. Simon John who was murdered by unknown gunmen during the #EndSARS protest in the Edo State capital, Benin. In a statement yesterday in Benin by the spokesman, Mr. Chidi Nwanbuzor, he said that the Edo State Police Command received with shock the report of the gruesome murder of John by suspected hoodlums who attacked the #EndSARS protesters at Kings Square, Benin City on Friday October, 16, 2020. Nwanbuzor, a superintendent of police said that Kokumo has directed the homicide section of the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) to commence a full scale investigation into the immediate and remote cause of the grusome killing. He reiterated the determination of the police to arrest and bring the perpetrators of the dastardly act for prosecution in court. He mourned: “In light of the above, the Commissioner of Police hereby commiserates with the family members of late Simon John for his untimely death and pray to God to give them the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss.” Johnson however, appealed to the #EndSARS protesters to end the protest and patiently wait for the Inspector-General of Police, Alhaji Mohammed Abubakar Adamu to implement the police reforms as promised. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…Police condemn killing The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Police condemn killing  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84….Police condemn killing His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Police condemn killing SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.