A five-year-old boy, Abdulsalam Oluwatoyin who was diagnosed with a hole in his heart requires the sum of N4m to undergo a surgery. Abdulsallam, according to his father, Afeez Oluwatoyin was diagnosed with the condition which disrupts normal blood flow to the heart in 2016 at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, Sagamu when he was 18 months old. Narrating his ordeal, Oluwatoyin, a cobbler whose meagre income could not cater for the financial requirement of his son’s treatment said, “the second diagnosis was carried out in 2018 at the OOUTH, while the third diagnosis was done in July 2020 at the Babcock University Teaching Hospital, Ilishan-Remo, Ogun State.” According to a document sighted by Tribune Online titled “Estimated Bill for Diagnostic Catheterization and TOF Repair” detailing the cost of the surgery procedures by Babcock University Teaching Hospital, Abdulsallam will require the sum of N3, 200.000 for the surgery, N525, 000.00 for Catheterization with additional charges if the patient stays above the stipulated days and in the case of other incidental examinations.  While calling on Nigerians for financial support, he said: “We have been to a lot of places to seek financial assistance but no response yet. He is currently on admission at the Babcock University Teaching Hospital, Ilishan-Remo, Ogun State. “His health is failing and his breathe is always on the fast rhythm. “We are financially incapacitated. I am a cobbler and his mother sells kitchen utensils and gift items in her shop but all the proceeds from the shop had been spent on our son’s treatment leading to the closure of the shop. Babcock University Teaching Hospital has agreed to do a corrective heart surgery for him, but they won’t start anything until the money is complete. “I am therefore appealing to Nigerians to help Abdulsallam to live by donating to aid his surgery.” Donations can be sent to the following account details: Account number: 1416277844: Account name: Oluwatoyin Abdulsalam Bank: Access Bank PLC. Abdulsalam’s father can be reached on his mobile number: 08035742528.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. ICYMI: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!