THE Jigawa State governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar has condemned the attacks on the state government’s flood assessment team by some flood victims in Hadejia. The governor who made the condemnation while addressing newsmen in Dutse, the state capital, said it was unfortunate and not in Jigawa people’s character. Alhaji Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar described the attack as political and initiated by the opponents of the present administration. According to him “the attack was purely political and was planned and carried out by our opposition who were the enemies of the progress and the state.” He noted that “what had happened was not in the character of the people of this state. And to be cautious with the selfish politicians who were after their personal and political interests.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!