THE Rector of The Polytechnic, Ibadan, Professor Kazeem Adekunle Adebiyi, has advised the newly-admitted students of the institution to shun all forms of anti-social activities or behaviours that could bring the image of the institution into disrepute. Adebiyi gave the charge during the virtual matriculation for the 2019/2020 academic session, saying the virtual matriculation of the newly admitted students conducted online through Zoom application was a departure from the conventional face to face matriculation because of the COVID-19 pandemic protocols which forbid large gathering of people. The rector who noted that indecent dressing, cultism and other anti-social activities would attract suspension or outright expulsion from the institution, added that the nature of the sanction to be applied would depend on the gravity of the punishment attached to the breached regulation as contained in the students’ handbook, a copy of which had been made available to each student. “The Polytechnic, Ibadan cherishes its hard-earned name and image. Students are expected to respect the rules and regulations of the institution as breaching of these would attract appropriate sanctions,” he said. He disclosed that for the 2019/2020 academic session, only 3,070 were considered for admission out of the 13,974 applicants screened for the National Diploma programme, while at the Higher National Diploma level, only 2,920 were admitted into the various programmes run by the institution out of the 5,517 applicants. The rector also commended the Oyo State governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde, for promoting excellence in the institution through unflinching support for all its activities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.