Former Nigeria’s Finance Minister and the top contender for the position of the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has said despite hiccups and opposition to her emergence, she is keeping the positivity going. The United States has consistently expressed its opposition to her bid for the plum job despite her endorsement by many countries, including the European Union and her endorsement by many ambassadors of the WTO on Wednesday. But Okonjo-Iweala, in a tweet she posted on her Twitter handle on Thursday, said she is happy for the progress she had made so far and the overwhelming support she had received for her bid. Okonjo Iweala disclosed that she was very humbled to be declared the candidate with the largest, broadest support among members and most likely to attract consensus, adding that she was keeping the positivity going as the world body moves on to the next step during the Annual General Meeting on November 9. According to Okonjo Iweala in the tweet: “Happy for the success and continued progress of our @wto DG bid. Very humbled to be declared the candidate with the largest, broadest support among members and most likely to attract consensus. We move on to the next step on November 9 despite hiccups. We’re keeping the positivity going!” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Okonjo Iweala FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo Iweala SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.