Although the total lockdown it necessitated may have eased gradually, it is crystal clear that the impact of the coronavirus outbreak is not what one can forgot in a hurry; especially for the entertainment industry. “I had plan on going to Vegas (Sin City) and shooting some movies but I had to put everything on hold because of the pandemic,” Nollyood actress and producer, Aisat Iyabode Asamu (aka Aishy), lamented. Recalling how she coped during the total lockdown, the CEO of Aishy Braiding House, said she engaged herself by watching television and also spending most of her time with loved ones. “Also, since I naturally relax by bugging my husband and asking him annoying questions that might piss him off, coping and enjoying the lockdown was somewhat very easy for me (laughs). “I had to stop working; and I therefore missed making money. Even though I had my business, I was not really making as much as I usually would before the pandemic. I was actually a professional hair stylist before venturing into Nollywood,” the US-based actress said. Speaking on her future on the industry, she noted that she aspires for a better than where she am at the moment.”   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Revolt Of The Twitter Generation, Monsters We Created In the last one week or so of the rise of the #EndSARS protest across the country, a damp gleam of hope for Nigeria lit me up. I dare say same for many of our compatriots. It is just like the gleaming multicolour of an emerging rainbow. All our previous forecasts of hopelessness for the land started to collapse gradually… Nigerian Youths Came Out Late, But… —Bishop Oladotun Sincerely, from my own perspective, the youth came out late because we have no other country. Some of us are already 60 years old and above and we have no other place to go. This is a battle we are supposed to have fought about 30 or 40 years ago so that the youth of today can have a better future. Whatever they are doing now is to secure their… Youths’ #EndSARS Protest Capable Of Grounding Any Govt —Olajide, YCE Scribe The general secretary of the Yoruba Council of Elders (YCE), Dr Kunle Olajide, in this interview by KUNLE ODEREMI, speaks on the position of the organisation on the week-long youths’ protests against police brutality, advocacy on referendum, new incentive package for teachers and granting of financial autonomy to… Insecurity: Northern Elders Want Service Chiefs Sacked A group of northern elders under the aegis of Coalition of Northern Elders for Peace and Development (CNEEPD) has expressed dissatisfaction with the prevailing insecurity situation in the country, insisting that the best way possible for President Muhammadu Buhari is to restore order with an immediate restructuring beginning with the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.