South Africa-based Nigerian Afrobeat singer and songwriter, Olaiya Olatunde Abdul-Lateef, also known as Bamzy Richies in the wake of taking a break to go after his new passion, is set to make a re-appearance on the music scene with some huge hits in the significantly predicted adventure named “1,000 Evenings”. The Nigerian Afrobeat craftsman, who hails from Akure South of Ondo State, grew up in Sango Otta, in Ogun State, where he attended Iganmode Language School, and also bagged a degree in Accounting from Ekiti State University. Bamzy Richies, since moving to South Africa in 2016 to pursue his music career, has worked with prominent names in the South African industry like DJ Mophorisa, DJ Tira and many others. Speaking about the new project ‘1000 evenings’, he said: “music is my business and I am passionate about it. This project is something I need to work on. I love my fans and I’m sure they will vibe to the new project I am currently working on.” He made an engraving in the music business after the appearance of his first endeavor “Increments over torture” in which he featured Hip skip expert Capdyse.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!