Governor Samuel Ortom on Monday afternoon charged #EndSARS protesters not to allow themselves not to be used as tools of destruction as they carry out their protest. Ortom stated this when he addressed the protesting youths who stormed the government house, Makurdi during the  #EndSARS protest. The governor said he had always been in support of issues that would emancipate youths. The protesters yesterday thronged the major streets of Makurdi in their hundreds chanting solidarity songs. It will be recalled that Benue youths on Saturday joined in the #EndSARS protest but took a break on Sunday. The protesters resumed today with an impressive turnout turning the protest to a carnival of sorts as they used the opportunity to cry to God to save the nation from imminent disaster. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. #EndSARS protesters FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. #EndSARS protesters Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. #EndSARS protesters Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.