Following the release of his two hit singles, ‘Jah Guide Me’ and ‘Jojo’ featuring Patoranking, Darey Art Alade (a.k.a Darey) on Thursday unveilled his new E.P. entitled: ‘Way Home’ virtually. The award-winning singer’s new body of work, marking his third release since ‘Jah Guide Me’, is a seven-track body of work with two features from Patoranking and Teni. Darey is one of the leading artistes in Nigeria who dares to produce music across popular genres. Though known for his hits such as ‘Escalade’, ‘Not the Girl’ and ‘Pray for Me’, the silky-baritone is redefining his taste through a groundbreaking genre that he terms Afro & B. “Way Home” speaks to Darey’s heritage and journey with the use of compelling vocals, pulsating, exciting and engaging beats. The multi-talented artiste is set to regain old and new fans with the release of his new body of work, “Way Home”.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!