Gun-wielding hoodlums, late Tuesday night, abducted a woman identified as Mrs Christy Efede in Warri, Delta State. Mrs Efede, a widow, is the Chief Executive Officer of Efe Samtex Pharmacy Ltd with headquarters at Ometa in Warri, Warri South Local Government Area of the state. Reports have it that she was abducted at about 8:00 p.m on Tuesday while returning home after the day’s business. A family member said she was driving home in her Toyota Sienna space bus with three of her apprentices when she was waylaid by the hoodlums. One of the boys identified as Friday was allegedly shot and now receiving treatment for gunshot injuries at an undisclosed hospital in the town. Details of how she was kidnapped were still sketchy as of Wednesday morning. The mother-of-five, who is in her 40s, is a graduate of the Delta State University (DELSU), Abraka. It could not be ascertained if the abductees of Mrs Efede had established a link with her family members as of the time of filing the report. Meanwhile, Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, when contacted on phone Wednesday morning, could not immediately confirm the incident. Onovwakpoyeya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), requested time to find out from the police Division before reverting to our correspondent. Tribune Online recalls that there’s been an increase in the spate of kidnapping in recent times in the state with the abduction of 14 travellers along the East-West road section of Ughelli. Much of the frequency of kidnapping incidence has been attributed to the recent dissolution of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, as hoodlums appear to have been having a field day across Warri and environs. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Hoodlums abduct woman Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!