Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare has dissociated his security details from any purported shooting while the palace of the Soun of Ogbomoso was under attack from suspected hoodlums on Sunday. Dare who spoke against the backdrop of reports in some quarters that his security details shot when the attackers stormed the palace, said his details did not fire any shot but only scurried him and others to safety. Dare had visited the Soun of Ogbomosho, Oba Oladunni Oyewumi, in his palace in the wake of the killing of Jimoh Isiaka, injury to several others, in the #EndSARS protest in Ogbomoso. In a statement personally signed, Dare explained that his security details scurried not only him but also the Soun, leaders, journalists and others upstairs to a safe location and stayed there to protect them. He decried that miscreants and thugs only exploited the opportunity of the #EndSARS protests to launch the attack in the palace. He explained that his visit to Ogbomoso was to ensure the protest did not degenerate to full-blown anarchy following the clash between the protesters and police. ALSO READ: Sokoto flags off construction of modern sports arena Dare said, “I was at the Palace to confer with the paramount ruler, his council of chiefs and other leaders of Ogbomoso Parapo when the thugs broke in. “It was while the meeting was going on that hoodlums, thugs and other miscreants stormed the palace to disrupt the meeting. “As expected, my security operatives responded to protect me, the Soun, his chiefs, other leaders that were in attendance and the NTA Reporter and Parrot FM journalist. “My orderly and DSS operatives scurried us into safety upstairs and stayed with us to fully protect us. They did not fire a shot during the confusion created by the hoodlums. It is still unfathomable how such a coordinated attack could be unleashed so swiftly. “The rampaging protesters broke into the palace, destroyed chairs, overturned tables, and broke windows and every valuable thing on sight. I want to state that I do not believe that the people that invaded the Palace of Soun of Ogbomoso were neither Youth nor Students. They were miscreants and thugs who saw a window of opportunity in the genuine protest against SARS by peaceful protesters.” “Following the unconscionable and despicable attack by misguided suspected hoodlums and miscreants who hijacked the peaceful protest by the youth against police brutality under the #EndSARS campaign on the evening of Sunday 11th, October 2020 on the Palace of the Soun of Ogbomosho, His Royal Majesty Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III and some of the wrong narratives and misinformation about what actually happened, it is important for me to set the record straight so that our people and the general public can be better informed. “I was at Ogbomoso, my home town, first in my capacity as the Minister with the responsibility for the Youth of Nigeria to commiserate with the parents of Isaq Jimoh who died, in #EndSARS protest, during a fracas with the Police. “I visited Ogbomoso less than 48 hours after the unfortunate tragic incident to be with the family of the deceased protester. “Apart from my condolence visit to the family of Late Isaq Jimoh, I also visited other citizens, especially the 12 and 15-year-olds who were victims of police stray bullets at the Bowen Hospital. “I took the advantage of my visit to also show solidarity with the young protesters who were making a just demand to reform the police and operations of the Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad. “I appealed for calm with a promise that the victims will get justice,” the Minister explained. The Minister who reiterated his earlier position that democracy recognises peaceful protest as one of the ways citizens can express their dissatisfaction on any issue of importance to them but warned that such freedom to protest does not include criminality. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!