Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Thursday, inaugurated the judicial panel of inquiry to investigate the allegations of brutality and human rights violations against officers of the disbanded Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) in the state. The governor also announced the extension of the current curfew declared in the state till Monday, October 26, 2020. Fayemi who spoke during the inauguration at the governor’s office in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital said that the panel was put together to look into the agitations of the #EndSARS protesters. He explained that his administration was in support of the concerns raised by the protesting youths in the state, adding that he would not under any guise accept the criminalization of all youths as a result of their dressings. According to the governor, a Victims Compensation Fund has been established to facilitate the speedy payment of monetary compensation to deserving victims. He said: ” My administration has been very clear about our support for the core subject matter of the# EndSARS campaign. We do not accept the criminalisation of young people irrespective of the clothes they wear, their hairstyle, or the type of phone they own. We firmly believe that there exist in our laws ample provisions for dealing with young persons who come into conflict with the law. “It is our expectation that this Judicial panel will give them an opportunity to speak openly about their experiences to enable us to have a better understanding of the depth of the problem and most importantly find a sustainable solution.” ALSO READ: #EndSARS: President Buhari to make specific pronouncement ― NSA Fayemi noted that the ten-man panel has a six-month period to finish their assignment but said they should submit to the office of the Attorney General a monthly report of their activities. He gave the broad terms of reference of the panel to include, “Receive and investigate complaints of Police brutality or related extra-judicial killings; Receive and Investigate complaints of violence against police officers and/or any other security agent during protests in Ekiti State; Receive and Investigate complaints of violence against individuals by protesters in all parts of Ekiti State; Evaluate evidence presented and other surrounding circumstances, and draw conclusions as to the validity of the complaints; and Recommend compensation and other remedial measures, where appropriate.” He explained that the curfew declared as a result of the violence that erupted from the #EndSARS protests was not meant to inconvenient citizens but to restore law and order in the state. “It is important that I emphasise that this curfew is not aimed at abusing the rights of our citizens or make life difficult for the people but to enable government carry out its main responsibility of guaranteeing the security of lives and property of our citizens. For the avoidance of doubt, allegations of brutality against innocent citizens in the course of the curfew will be investigated and promptly acted upon,” Fayemi said. He called on leaders to appeal to youths in the state to embrace peace and allowed, “government commence the process of responding to all the issues that have been subject of the agitations.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    Fayemi inaugurates panel to investigate allegations against SARS operatives in Ekiti Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!