Governors elected under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have reassured of their commitment to the election of Eyitayo Jegede in the Saturday’s Ondo State gubernatorial poll. The assurance was contained in a statement issued by the Peoples Democratic Party Governors’ Forum (PDPGF) in Abuja on Sunday, affirming that the forum is united and ready to contribute its utmost to ensure that the PDP candidates are victorious. The statement debunked a media report suggesting that the governors have divergent views on the election. Signed by Hon. C.I.D. Maduabum, Director-General of the forum, the statement said: “The attention of the PDP Governors’ Forum under the leadership of Rt Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, CFR, has been drawn to a tendentious, malicious, prejudicial, biased, conjured, procured, inciting, false and fake story planted by retrogressive and reactionary forces in THISDAY of Sunday, October 4th, 2020 to the effect that there is a division in PDP Governors’ Forum with respect to Ondo gubernatorial elections. Nothing can be further from the truth. ALSO READ: Unknown gunmen kill pastor in Ekiti, dump corpse in forest “For the avoidance of doubt, the PDP Governors’ Forum is united, strong and primed to do its utmost to elect our candidate in the Ondo Governorship election, Eyitayo Jegede, SAN, who has the experience, dynamism and programme of action to return Ondo State to her glory days. “We think that the story is the handwork of 5th columnists, who are afraid of the popularity of the PDP candidate and his likely victory, and has devised this means of creating doubts in the minds of Nigerians as a strategy for stopping the march of victory by PDP in Ondo. Nothing can stop the march of progress in Ondo. Indeed, Jegede’s victory is one whose time has come. “The Forum speaks with one voice and this naked attempt to sow division and discord within its ranks has failed miserably. “As a matter of fact, the PDP Governors just rose from a virtual meeting a few days ago with a firm resolve and commitment to make sure that all hands are on deck to support and deliver the PDP candidate. “The PDP Governors are fully aware of the importance of the Ondo elections to the image, solidarity and fortunes of the PDP as a political party. The Governors are in no doubt that any division in its ranks will be counterproductive to PDP, her candidate and its quest to restore democracy, good governance, and accountability not only in Ondo State but Nigeria at large. “The PDP Governors will in fact storm Akure on 7th October for the Grand Finale of the PDP Governorship campaign to conclude a memorable grassroots-based campaign mounted by the PDP and her candidate in the last few weeks that has seemingly turned the tide in Ondo. “This is not the time for empty unproductive fake news. It is time for action.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!