The National Working Committee (NWC) has, for and on behalf of the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the party ratified the selection of Mr Sunday Bisi as the acting Chairman of the great party in Osun State. A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary in Abuja on Friday, said the ratification was made pursuant to Section 47(6) of the PDP Constitution 2017 (as amended). It said: “By this, Mr Sunday Bisi is to serve the remainder of the tenure of office of the outgoing state chairman in piloting the affairs of our great party in Osun State. “All leaders and members of our great party in Osun State, the Southwest Zone and the nation at large are, by this ratification, guided accordingly, as we collectively continue to work in harmony for the good of our nation.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. She came into the president’s office accompanied by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo and the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubair Dada. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.