Tertiary institutions in Gombe State are to resume academic activities on Tuesday 10th November 2020 after several months at home due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in the country. The approval for the reopening of the institutions was given by the State Governor, Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya as disclosed by The State Commissioner for Higher Education, Mr. Meshack Audu Lauco, while briefing Journalists in his office Friday evening. The Commissioner said that having reviewed the situation after schools were closed in March, 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic, the State Government is convinced that the students and lecturers can now return to their various schools. The Commissioner, however, stated that all schools must adhere strictly to the covid-19 protocols or face sanctions explaining that this is necessary to ensure the safety of everyone in the schools even when the State has recorded few or zero cases of COVID-19. He also stated that all schools have been directed to consult with the State Ministry of Environment for the purpose of fumigating the schools as well as ensuring other safety measures before the students and lecturers return back to the schools. While Speaking on the academic calendar of the schools, Meshack Lauco said that all individual schools through the Senate or school authorities are expected to arrange or determine how the school’s calendars will be. He also expressed optimism that the calendar would be stabilized by next year after normalcy must have returned completely. It will be recalled that Activities in all schools in Gombe State were abruptly stopped by the State Government in late March 2020 after the index case of covid-19 was reported. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.Tertiary Institutions in Gombe  Tertiary Institutions in Gombe The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.Tertiary Institutions in Gombe  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.Tertiary Institutions in Gombe His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.Tertiary Institutions in Gombe NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.