The glaring truth is that the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) needs to look for a reasonable strategy to tackle the imbalances in the Nigerian educational system. Strike as a strategy is no longer the way as it causes more harms than benefit to the system and consequently, the students. This strategy is among the leading factors projecting the country negatively to the world in terms of poor quality of education. Due to strike actions, Nigeria’s educational institutions are still experiencing low ranking among the comity of educational institutions across the continent Always, ASUU claims that the only language the Federal Government understands is strike action. They might be men of their words and may be right to an extent but on the other hand, strike is not taking us to a better destination. It doesn’t add value to educational system. In stark contrast, it is rather driving us back. It affects students most and takes their time. Undoubtedly, educational systems of other countries are far ahead of Nigeria’s. Robust discussions should be held between the ASUU and the Federal Government. I believe both will say they are fighting for good, if asked. So, they should understand themselves and find a realistic and lasting solution. The government must be ready to honour the lecturers and consider their importance more than before. They should be men of their words by fulfilling outstanding promises. We also need to tell ASUU that strike is never a solution to correct imbalances in our educational system. This has been backed up with failures time without number. It is better to look for a promising alternative to strike because it is harmful to the nation’s educational sector and the students. The Federal Government should understand that education is one of the first sectors that it should give serious attention to as it has been described as the bedrock of any development. Abdulganiyu Abdulrahman Akanbi, Sokoto. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: Don’t Join Proposed Strike By Labour, FG Warns Civil Servants The Federal Government has warned civil servants not to obey the call for industrial action by labour unions. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!