Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) in charge of security in Plateau State and some parts of the neighbouring Bauchi and Kaduna states have arrested 109 persons suspected to have taken part in looting some warehouses, in Jos, Plateau State. The suspects defied the 24 hours curfew imposed, on Saturday, in Jos North and Jos South council areas of the state and broke into the warehouse of Plateau Agricultural Development Programme ( PADP) at Dongo Dutse and carted away many agricultural implements including fertilizers Speaking with newsmen after parading the suspect at the OPSH headquarters in Jos, the Commander of the Operations, Major General Chukwuemeka Okonkwo, said the miscreants were arrested looting public and private places as well as those that violated the curfew order imposed in Jos North and Jos South Local Government Areas of the state. Major General Chukwuemeka Okonkwo stated that security operatives cannot watch misguided elements and hoodlums destroying government and private properties adding that this prompted the security outfit to swing into action with the arrests and to serve as a deterrent to others. Some items found in possession of the looters include agricultural products such as water pump machines, spraying boxes, chemicals and insecticides, bags of fertiliser as well as office equipment. Meanwhile, despite security presence in some parts of Jos, the State capital and it’s environs hoodlums on Sunday stormed some warehouses and looted the stocks therein. At Jenta Adamu, miscreants in hundreds attack the Standard Newspaper on the premise of searching for palliative materials and in the process destroyed some valuables including cars but only to realise that no palliatives materials were stored there. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. Operation Safe Haven arrests 109 looters, violators of curfew in Plateau Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!