On October 5, 2020, the Inspector General of police, Mohammed Adamu made it known that the Federal Special Anti Robbery Squad (FSARS) has been banned from carrying out routine patrols, stop and search duties and mounting of road blocks. This is a welcome development on the part of IGP because the frequent killing of innocent Nigerians by SARS operatives should be stopped. Another well trained squad should be established to replace SARS. We need those who will wage war on armed robbers in Nigeria. We have many unreported robbery cases in Nigeria. The men of the Special Anti Robbery squad were trained to combat robbery attacks and not to kill innocent Nigerians. Truth be told, If we take a look at the way armed robbers operate, we will discover that we need the help of SARS in Nigeria to flush out armed robbers in our society. The IGP needs to do a lot of work so as to restrain his officers; especially the ones who are responsible for incessant killing of innocent citizens. Nigerians are tired of these killings, nobody knows the next victim. Banning SARS is not the solution, the question is can the IGP stop them from going round with their rifles? These people are still policemen. Nigeria needs restructuring.  Jimoh Mumin Esq. Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!