ABOUT 301 members of the University of Ibadan (UI) Senate met on Thursday to deliberate on the crisis that followed a recent election held in the institution as part of the process for the choice of a new Vice Chancellor for the institution, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has reported. The election was conducted to elect the two Senate Representatives on the Joint Council/Senate Selection Board for the appointment of a new Vice Chancellor for the school. A statement issued on Friday in Ibadan by Mrs Olubunmi Faluyi, the Registrar and Secretary to the Senate, said that the pro-chancellor held a meeting with the 301 members of the Senate on Thursday. “The Chairman of Council had directed the Senate to examine the petitions of Professor Ademola Dasylva of the Department of English, Faculty of Arts and Professor Adesoji Fasanmade of the Department. of Physiology, Faculty of Basic Medical Sciences, College of Medicine, who lost in the election. “The meeting deliberated extensively on all the issues raised in the two petitions and the responses of those who were alleged in the petitions, namely Professor Francis Offor, Professor Abiodun Ayodele, Professor Deji Omole, Professor Ayodeji Ogunjuyigbe and Mrs Morenike Afolabi, with proof of their innocence,” Faluyi said. At the meeting, Professor Idowu Olayinka, the Vice-Chancellor of the institution, appealed to members to consider the meeting as a family gathering with the optimism of amicable resolution of all matters. Faluyi said “It is noteworthy that the meeting was frank, honest, transparent and in an atmosphere of civility. “The resolutions of the meeting have been forwarded to the Council for consideration. “Members of the university are hereby enjoined to be peaceful and law-abiding in anticipation of amicable resolution of the matters by Council.” The Joint Council/Senate Selection Board of the institution had been tasked with the appointment of a new Vice-Chancellor out of the 18 candidates jostling for the position. Among the candidates are Professor Kayode Adebowale, Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Professor Temitope Alonge, former Chief Medical Director, University College Hospital; a former Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Professor Adeyinka Aderinto of the Department of Sociology. Others are Professor Babatunde Salako, former Provost, College of Medicine; Professor Adesoji Fasanmade, Professor Ebenezer Farombi, Professor Raheem Lawal, Professor Hakeem Fawehinmi and Professor A. Adedeji, who is not a lecturer in UI. The new Vice-Chancellor is to be appointed before December 1 when he is expected to assume office and take over from the incumbent, Professor Abel Idowu Olayinka . YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!