A former senator, who represented Kogi West Senatorial district of Kogi State, Senator Dino Melaye has said that the nation is better off as one united country. In his anniversary speech to mark 60th years of the country,  Melaye noted that 60 years of existence as an independent nation is no mean feat. “I salute the resilience of Nigerians who have continued to cherish the nation and virtues bequeathed to us by our founding fathers at independence in spite of all odds over the years. ALSO READ: Kogi govt to take legal actions against fraudulent workers “There is no gainsaying the fact that it has never been this bad – unity, economy and security wise – however, the good story is that we are better off as one united and indivisible nation because of the sheer strength, unity of diversity and togetherness inherent in one Nigeria. “I, therefore, urge the political leadership of our country not to take the patience and unity of Nigerians for granted. It’s time to change the narrative of Nigeria through the entrenchment of good governance, the security of all and an atmosphere of sense of belonging for various interests in order to cement the already visible cracks on the wall and further engender unity, development and trust. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions. Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines  Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!