A mobile police officer believed to be attached to a Mobile Squadron outfit of the Warri Area Command has been shot dead by suspected armed robbers. Reports say the mobile cop was shot dead at a Petrol Station in Etuwewe, Warri in Warri South Local Government Area on Thursday. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Onome Onovwakpoyeya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), confirmed the killing late Thursday night to Tribune Online via phone call. She, however, didn’t give the details of the slain police officer. The corpse of the slain cop has reportedly been taken to a mortuary by operatives of the B Division. It was gathered that the hoodlums made away with the deceased’s rifle. Speaking on the incident, a senior police officer in Warri told Tribune Online that security in the area has become porous since the disbandment of the SARS outfit. “The area has become porous since this protest started. Those guys helping us to patrol the place are the ones you people are saying should go. “I really don’t know how we are going to cope. It’s so unfortunate,” the officer lamented. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.