Governor Rotimi Akeredolu on Friday lifted the 24-hour curfew imposed in the state following the violence and destruction by hoodlums who hijacked the EndSARS protest in the state. Akeredolu, in a statement signed by the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr Donald Ojogo, said the decision to lift the curfew was taken after meeting and consultation with security agencies in the state and preliminary assessment of the security situation in the state. The governor said the approval for the lifting of the curfew became necessary after noticing a relative peace in Akure, the state capital. The statement stated “The relative peace in the State capital, Akure appears very encouraging just as the people’s resolve, especially the youths, not to allow brigandage under any guise is equally palpable. “It is, therefore, only normal that law-abiding residents are allowed to go about their legitimate businesses. “Government, however, emphasises the need for all to be vigilant and law-abiding. “This is more so, that security agencies deployed to strategic areas of the State capital are under strict directives to enforce law and order for the enforcement of permanent peace.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace.  Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing…  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!