One person was said to have been killed while many others sustained various degrees of injuries when police dispersed some persons, mainly youths, who attempted to invade Customs College Quarters in Gwagwalada, Gwagwalada Area Council, Abuja, in search of COVID-19 palliatives. Tribune Online’s investigation revealed that the crowd, that had converged in the area as early as 8 am on Tuesday, were prevented by the security operatives to gain entrance into the quarters which believed to have housed a warehouse, containing some COVID-19 palliatives. It was further learnt that the security personnel resisted the advances of the youths and shot into the air to disperse them, and in the process, one of them was shot, while others sustained various degrees of injuries. According to one of the witnesses, Bello Muhammad, the shooting of one of the invaders restored sanity in the area as other youths took to their heels for safety. “Today, these youths came out in mass again, especially those who do not have the privilege to participate in the looting of a warehouse in Gwagwalada yesterday (Monday). They were also joined by those who must have gotten information that there is a warehouse at the Customs College Quarters, where some palliative items are kept,” Muhammad stated. He, therefore, called on the government to address the problems of youths restiveness with a view to avoiding the ongoing looting across the territory. Muhammad also implored the angry youths to keep calm and allow peace to reign as the government would look into the situation to proffer a lasting solution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace.  Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!