Former chairman of the Pension Reform Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina, has vowed to use his technical expertise to recover not less than $10bn for the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari if he recovers from his sickbed. This was even as he said he could achieve this feat within 30 days. He made the assertion in a statement to commemorate the 60th Independence Anniversary of Nigeria. The statement signed by Maina’s media aide, Aliyu Musa, said the former pension boss believes such money could help fix infrastructure deficits, fuel subsidy and ameliorate the electricity tariff which will ultimately put the looming industrial action by Nigerian workers to a halt. “Maina indicated that he is ready to start the recovery as soon as he fully recovers from the surgery he just had last week. “The former pension boss further indicated that he can only make the recovery of the said funds directly to President Buhari, as he expressed fear that the money may be re-looted if not properly managed. “Maina has assisted successive administrations, especially that of former President Jonathan where he recovered N1.6trillion and in President Buhari’s administration, where he recovered N1.3trillion and several movable and immovable properties,” the statement said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!