More than forty protesters from the Save Nigeria Group have been arrested by police in Lagos State for defying the ” No Protest ” order of the state commissioner of police. The protesters were arrested in Ojota and Maryland areas of the state as armed policemen tried to disperse hundreds of protesters in a different location. ALSO READ: We have invested in human capacity, technology, process ― FRSC boss, Boboye Agitators of the Yoruba Republic under the umbrella of Congress of Yorubaland Descendants were also dispersed in the Alausa area of the state by policemen. The state police boss had on Wednesday directed Area Commanders and DPO s to disallow any rally or protest as the country marks her 60th Independence anniversary YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Boat mishaps: Moghalu charges operators on adherence to safety guidelines Dr George Moghalu, Managing Director of the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), has urged boat operators in the country to adhere strictly to safety guidelines or risk sanctions. This is contained in a press statement by Jibril Dardau, Acting General Manager (Corporate Affairs) on Friday in Lokoja. Dardau quoted Moghalu as saying that non-adherence to the guidelines would attract sanctions.
https://tribuneonlineng.com/boat-mishaps-moghalu-charges-operators-on-adherence-to-safety-guide Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha The Heads of maritime agencies have looked at the possibility of utilizing the Onitsha river ports and other dry ports scattered across the country towards decongesting the Lagos ports and also easing the pressure on the roads. In a statement made available to Tribune Online over the weekend by the National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) Spokesman, Mr Jibril Darda’u, the third Heads of maritime agencies meeting which held in Lokoja, Kogi State, agreed that it was imperative that the nation’s waterways are used maximally towards cargo evacuation from the ports in Lagos. Maritime agencies discuss cargo evacuation from Lagos ports to Onitsha  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Saturday confirmed that he was in consultation with the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the 2023 elections. Ortom said that he had told the opposition party to allow him to make a consultation with his close allies. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!