Angry youths on Thursday allegedly shot two police officers attached to the Ebonyi State Police Command. They also burnt police stations within the state. The injured police officers were shot at Central Police Station, Abakaliki before the station was razed down by irate youths. State Police Spokesperson, DSP Loveth Odah, said the hoodlums who marched behind protesting youths peacefully demanding police reforms destroyed four exhibit vehicles, broke into the cell and released eight suspects. She added that the hoodlums also destroyed other properties seen within the police stations, looted and carted away about thirty exhibit motorcycles/Plasma TVs, fans and other valuables. Odah said: “The criminally-minded hoodlums who were matching with #EndSARS, #EndNigeria, #EndTheZooCountry placards, suddenly entered and open fire on Policemen at ‘A’ Division (CPS) Abakaliki and two Policemen sustained bullet injuries, the hoodlums where immediately repelled. “They retreated and preceded to ‘B’ Division Kpirikpiri, ‘C’ Division Ekumenyi, set some parts of the divisions ablaze together with four exhibits vehicles, broke into the cell and released eight suspects, and also destroyed other Police properties and exhibit vehicles seen within the Police stations. “The hoodlums looted and carted away with about thirty exhibit motorcycles, Plasma TVs, fans and other valuables. “Similarly, the same criminals attempted to attack and release inmates from Abakaliki Federal Prisons, but the joint forces of the Police and other sister security agencies could not allow them access to the facility.” Odah added that the Commissioner of Police, Ebonyi State Command, CP Philip Sule Maku has condemned the attack and urged officers and men of the Command to remain calm while they continue to manage the situation professionally in the state. He further appealed to community leaders, parents and guardians, traditional rulers and religious leaders, to caution the youth against violence and any act that is capable of aggravating tension in the state as such will be counter-productive. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!