Folarin ‘Falz’ Falana has pulled out of the Town Hall Meeting which was slated to hold at 3 pm today via virtual platforms. He took to his Twitter page to make this announcement and added that he was not informed of the plan and was given false information. Falz wrote:  “I will not be on this panel. I was given false information. Plus there is no need for all this please!! The agenda is clear #5for5 #SARSMUSTEND”. I will not be on this panel. I was given false information. Plus there is no need for all this please!! The agenda is clear #5for5 #SARSMUSTEND https://t.co/fH1osBSLCs — Bop Daddy (@falzthebahdguy) October 16, 2020  The tweet was in reply to a post uploaded by the official Twitter handle of the Government of Nigeria where Falz was listed as a panellist on the Virtual Town Hall meeting. The post from the Government of Nigeria reads:  “Virtual Town Hall Meeting on Ending Police Brutality, by @NigeriaFMYS. A conversation with @PoliceNG, @NigeriaFMYS and @NhrcNigeria, 3 pm today” Falz, also the son of Nigeria’s Femi Falana, has been a major voice in the fight against police brutality, #EndSars movement that has been going on in Nigeria for the past few weeks with protests online and offline. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock, holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.