A five-man panel of justices of the Court of Appeal, Abuja has just affirmed the election of Senator Duoye Diri as the validly elected governor of Bayelsa State. The appellate court, in its judgment in the appeal filed by Diri and his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), set aside the August 17, 2020 judgment of the Bayelsa State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal which annulled Diri’s election and ordered a fresh one. According to the unanimous judgment of the appellate court, the appeal, as filed by governor Diri and his party has merit and was allowed. The Court consequently set aside the Judgment of the Tribunal and affirmed the election of Diri as governor of Bayelsa State. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panelists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… Lagos Assembly commends LASU for being number two in Nigeria The Lagos State House of Assembly has commended the Lagos State University (LASU) for its attainment as the second-best university in Nigeria, the 11th in Africa and one of the first 500 in the world based on the latest world rating of universities. Heed Obasanjo’s Warning Now, Leaders Tell Buhari EMINENT leaders and elder statesmen from across the country have tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the warning by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the country is now more divided and nearing a failed state status, calling for urgent move to pull the country… Gunmen kill two FRSC officers, abduct 10 others The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has confirmed the death of two of its officers with ten others abducted during an attack by unknown gunmen on Monday morning. The FRSC personnel were travelling from Sokoto and Kebbi States Command of the Corps for a training programme at FRSC Academy, Udi… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!