The United States Consulate General in Nigeria, Claire Pierangelo, has urged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to ensure free, fair and credible governorship election in Ondo State on Saturday. Pierangelo in an interview monitored by Tribune Online on Adaba FM in Akure, the state capital, on Thursday, noted that the US wants the electoral body to be above board and ward off any form of intimidation or pressure to compromise the integrity of the poll. She added that the governorship election is critical to the sole of the nation’s democracy, saying the people must be allowed to elect their preferred candidates without fear or harassments. The US consulate explained that “We are expecting a peaceful election and most importantly giving the people of Ondo state credible election where they will freely elect their governor because it is a key component to Nigeria’s democratic development.” She urged the security agencies to discharge their duties with all fairness, saying, “We don’t want voter’s intimidation, ballot box snatching and other vices. Any form of manipulation cannot be tolerated. We want security agencies to fulfil their obligations to assist the operation of the election in Ondo State.” On the recent visa ban of some political gladiators in the country for interfering in electoral processes, she revealed that the step was not arbitrary but taken in collaboration with some concerned Nigerians. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. Our expectations from Ondo poll ― US ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. Our expectations from Ondo poll ― US SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!