Lagos State Government has said it will be prosecuting suspects who allegedly took advantage of the EndSARS protest to destroy and loot public and private properties in different parts of the state. The State made this known about the #EndSARS looters through a release from it’s Ministry of Justice signed by the Director, Public Affairs, Kayode Oyekanmi. Some hoodlums had hijacked the peaceful protest of youths against brutality by operatives of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and other police personnel tagged #EndSARS to wreak havoc and disturb  the peace in the state. The State Director of Public Prosecution, Mrs Olayinka Adeyemi has gone round relevant Police formations with a team of Prosecutors to evaluate files of those arrested by the police with a view to determine those that have prima facie case made against them. ALSO READ: Covid-19 palliatives: Kaduna residents loot residence of top govt official 229 suspects were arrested by the Police for various criminal offences ranging from arson, murder, stealing, malicious damage of properties and assault before and after the state-wide curfew imposed by the State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu to restore law and order. After the evaluation exercise, #EndSARS looters that have cases to answer will be arraigned before Courts on Monday. While the release of those that have no case to answer will be ensured. Meanwhile, the State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Moyosore Onigbanjo, SAN, while calling on Lagosians to maintain peace, law and order in their respective communities, pledged the commitment of the State Government to uphold the rule of law at all times.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt Lists 24 Policemen Under Criminal Prosecution Lagos State government has unveiled a list of 21 ongoing cases where its officers are currently prosecuting criminal cases against erring policemen that trampled on the fundamental human rights of Lagosians. The State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), made this known in a release made available from his… Stolen Rice From Lagos Warehouse Not From Humanitarian Ministry ― Authorities Authorities of Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on Friday affirmed that the consignment of stolen rice from a Lagos warehouse was not the Ministry. Special Adviser on Media to the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development… Why Nigeria Can’t Live In Peace ―Femi Adesina Presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina has spoken on the recent violence in Nigeria, opining that the reason Nigeria has not experienced peace is due to hatred. In a statement he released on Thursday, ‘If Nigeria dies, hatred killed her,’ President Buhari’s Special Adviser, Media and Publicity… We Have Received Allegation Of Shooting Of Protesters In Nigeria, Says International Criminal Court The International Criminal Court on Thursday spoke on the Tuesday’s shooting of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos State, saying it has received information about the incident. The shooting has attracted global outrage against the Nigerian authorities. The number of deaths from the incident is yet to be… Buhari Mourns Dead Policemen, Keeps Mum On Victims Of #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, in a nationwide broadcast paid tribute to officers of the Nigerian Police Force who died in the line of duty during the various #EndSARS protests across the country. He however did not speak on the various victims killed or injured during the protests across the… Your Pronouncements On #EndSARS Protests Hasty, Buhari Tells International Community President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, came hard on the country’s neighbours and the international community over their comments and pronouncements on the #EndSARS protests, saying their judgment about the situation is hasty… Buhari Calls For Peace, Keeps Mum On Lekki Toll Gate Shootings President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, urged Nigerians to embrace peace but did not speak on the shooting by Nigerian soldiers of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki told gate in Lagos State. The president also came hard on the international community who have spoken over the protest and shooting, urging them to seek to know all the facts available before taking a position or rushing to judgment… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!