The Minister of Interior Affairs, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, on Thursday, said more than 8,000 people have been killed by bandits in North-west region. Aregbesola who spoke in Katsina at town hall meeting with the theme “internal security and conflict resolution” said the figure was made available by international crisis group. The minister decries that activities of bandits have destroyed economic and farming activities in the rural areas of the region. He added that for fear of attacks by bandits, many people including farmers have abandoned their homes and fled for their safety. Aregbesola who described bandits as wicked criminals, further said they have succeeded in the kidnapping and raping innocent citizens. He, however, commended security agents including vigilante groups for their efforts to end banditry activities in the Northwest region. ALSO READ: 155 campus journalists receive data journalism training Aregbesola condoled families of those who lost their beloved ones as a result of bandits attack and assured that his ministry will continue to work with the State Government to end the problem. He commended the initiatives of the Katsina State Government for involving communities to assist in ending the problem. In his speech, Minister of Police Affairs Muhammadu Maigari Dingyadi said the town hall meeting came at the right time as police are facing challenges of un-professionalism. Alhaji Dingyadi said Nigerian Police will continue to engage stakeholders and other Nigerians to formulate policies and bring meaningful reforms in discharging its duty. He charged the participants of the meeting, to be frank, and contribute to come up with measures in dealing with the insecurity problem in Nigeria. Earlier, the host Governor Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State said his administration is working with security agents and communities to end banditry activities in the State. Masari assured that Government will implement all the recommendations of the town hall meeting for peace to return in the eight trouble Local Government Areas of the State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. Bandits have killed 8000 people [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. Bandits have killed 8000 people SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!