Sequel to the recent unrest in Lagos State which resulted in wanton destruction to some government properties, items, and valuables, the state government on Friday directed all Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) to send the list of all affected properties, items and other valuables in their domain. It would be recalled that the peaceful #EndSARS protests in the state had turned violence following the shooting by military men, resulting in hoodlums vandalizing government and private properties across the state. The State Head of Service (HoS), Mr Muri Okunola, gave this directive in a circular with Ref. No: CIR/HoS/20/Vol.1/114, dated 30th October 2020, titled: ‘Processing of Indemnity for State Property Damaged in the course of the recent civil unrest,’ saying the directive was to enable the affected MDAs to obtain indemnity from Insurance companies for the properties involved. According to him, this is possible because the state government had proactively insured state assets as part of
its risk management measures, saying the directive was to prepare the ground for the Insurance value-chain consisting of the Insured, Underwriter, Insurance Brokers, Loss Adjusters, and other appointed Consultants who would be
inspecting the affected premises to carry out on-the-spot assessment of the facilities. “Sequel to the recent unrest in the state which resulted in the reckless damage to some properties, items, and valuables of government, the Insurance Department of the Ministry of Finance is collating the list of all properties, items and valuables, of affected MDAs, so as to obtain indemnity from insurance companies. “This is possible because the State Government had proactively insured state assets as part of its risk management measures. “To this end, it is hereby notified for general information that the Insurance value-chain consisting of the Insured, Underwriter, Insurance Brokers, Loss Adjusters, and other appointed Consultants will be inspecting the affected premises to carry out on-the-spot assessment of the facilities,” the circular stated. It directed that the MDAs to send the list of all affected properties, items and other valuables to lasgmofinance@lagosstate.gov.ng, while hard copies were also to be submitted to the Insurance Department, Ministry of Finance, Room 08 before the close of business on Monday 2nd November 2020, in order to enable the Insurance Directorate to engage the Underwriters and Loss Assessors further. “However, all are enjoined to make concerted efforts to protect damaged properties from further dilapidation, in the meantime,” the circular said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.Lagos govt directs MDAs The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.Lagos govt directs MDAs  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.Lagos govt directs MDAs Lagos govt directs MDAs His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.Lagos govt directs MDAs  Lagos govt directs MDAs NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.