Former President Goodluck Jonathan on Tuesday added his voice to the ongoing protests against police brutality, declaring that no Nigerian blood needs to be spilled during the protests. Jonathan tweeted this Tuesday evening, adding that despite different views on national issues, most Nigerians desire want a place to live out their full potential. “No Nigerian blood needs to be spilled or life lost during a peaceful protest that seeks to advance our country.” He, however, implored Nigerians to exercise restraint “as we walk through these challenging times.” “We may hold different views on national issues, but there is no doubt that most people desire the same thing for Nigeria: …a place where we can all live out the full potential of our God-given abilities. “I implore everyone to exercise restraint as we walk through these challenging times,” Jonathan tweeted. Meanwhile, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) and human rights activist, Dr Mike Ozekhome, described the disbandment of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector-General, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, as a good omen. The disbandment, according to the senior advocate, indicated that something good from a poor government. “Good omen. At least something good from a poor government,” Ozekhome stated in a message he sent to the Nigerian Tribune. He, however, expressed he hope that the decision was not a knee-jerk reaction to public outcry. He wondered was alternative being put in place by the government before disbanding the squad, which he termed “the only police squad that could tackle robbers, kidnappers and terrorists.” He said: “What is the solution now that SARS, the only police squad that could tackle robbers, kidnappers and terrorists has been disbanded? Has the government put in place any replacement or alternative? “I can only pray it was not a knee-jerk reaction to the public outcry that made the government throw away the baby with the bathwater.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!