The Ondo State deputy governor, Agboola Ajayi and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) has won his unit in the Ogun State governorship election. Ajayi voted in Apoi ward 04 at R.C.M at Idumado Quarter, Kiribo in Ese-Odo Local Government Area of the state. Ajayi scored 395 votes while Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) scored 5, All Progressives Congress (APC) got13. Ajayi, it would be recalled joined the PDP after leaving the APC following an irreconcilable difference with the incumbent governor, Rotimi Akeredolu who is the APC candidate. The deputy governor contested the PDP primaries and lost to Mr. Eyitayo Jegede, SAN, who is the party’s flagbearer in the election. Though, he initially accepted the outcome of the primary election, Agboola days after the primaries, however, dumped the PDP and picked the ticket of the ZLP to contest the election. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. #OndoDecides2020: Reports Of Violence Handiwork Of Weak Candidates ― Jimoh Ibrahim Business mogul and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr Jimoh Ibrahim has explained that reports of the pre-election violence that marred the Ondo State governorship election were the creation of weak opposition parties in the state. IPPIS: Buhari’s Statement Not Targeted At Us ― ASUU The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said it is confident that President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement that no enrol on Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) was directed at ASUU members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!