As parts of effort to defeat insurgency in different parts of the country , the Nigerian army has produced 5 Mines Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles (MRAPs) . The Commander of Nigeria Army Engineering Command, Major General Sunday Araoye stated this while conducting the Chief of Army Dtaff, Lt Gen Tukur Buratai round the depot in Kaduna on Friday. According to Gen Araoye both the new and the repaired MRAPs, Armoured Personnel Careers, as well as the repaired troops’ carrying vehicles were test driven and have proven to be in good working condition. The Commander said that a state of the art 3D printing machine for vehicles’ parts and medical implants has been installed in the vehicles. “We have also manufactured a surveillance vehicle with drone attached to it to enhance NA’s operations.” Gen Buratai said while inspecting the vehicles that ‘ the tactics of ambushing our soldiers and burying mines to kill our finest soldiers will soon be over. He assured that the army is prepared to end the war in no distant time with the production of 10 Mines Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles (MRAPs) saying, the production 5 MRAPs had been completed while another pieces of 5 MRAPs is in progress. ALSO READ: Amotekun: Oyo releases list of successful applicants, begins training for 2 weeks The Army Chief has expressed satisfaction with the level of progress made so far. He enjoined officers, soldiers and civilian staff of the Depot to upscale the level of achievements recorded. The effort of the NA in this regard has so far saved Nigeria billions of Naira that could have been used for the procurement of these military hardware and equipment” he further said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.