Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday evening, met President Muhammadu Buhari where he presented the demands of the #EndSARS protesters at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. “Today, I met President @MBuhari to present the demands of the Lagos #EndSARS protesters. The president restated his commitment to embark on a holistic reform of the entire Police Force,” Sanwo-Olu disclosed in a tweet on his Twitter handle.  There have been sustained protests by residents of Lagos State, demanding for the end of the brutalities unleashed by men of the Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS). Sanwo-Olu, while meeting with the protesters on Monday and early on Tuesday, had promised to convey their requests to the president and on Tuesday afternoon, he headed for Abuja to meet the president. “Just today, the president has approved a panel made up of civil society leaders to look at all the cases of abuse by the police. The benefits of this genuine protest will be fully realised and I will continue to work to defend the rights of all Lagosians any and every day,” he said after meeting the president. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. PHOTOS: Sanwo-Olu presents #EndSARS protesters demands to Buhari SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!