The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has described the killing of Police officers across the country as a heinous crime which has no place in modern history and therefore should be eschewed to allow peace and orderliness to reign in the country. The Executive Secretary of the Commission, Tony Ojukwu, who stated this in Abuja while reacting to the alleged civil attacks on Police personnel and wanton destruction of properties at some police stations in some states of the federation, maintained that two wrongs cannot make a right and that any aggrieved persons who have an opportunity to take their complaints and petitions to the Independent Investigative Panel set up by the Commission to hear Complaints of allegations of human rights violations by SARS should do so without further delay. He said the Commission is currently receiving such petitions for onward investigations and subsequent recommendations to the appropriate government agencies for compensations or prosecution of offenders in accordance with the law. Ojukwu noted that the establishment of inquiries by state governments across the 36 states is a welcome development to complement the efforts of the federal government that already established the Independent Investigative Panel midwifed by the NHRC. The NHRC boss emphasised that attacks on police personnel, arson and destruction of police facilities or those of other agencies are out of place and should be condemned totally by all well-meaning Nigerians. ALSO READ: Again, LASU postpones convocation ceremonies indefinitely While appealing to those responsible for these gruesome acts to desist from further attacks on lives and properties of Police Personnel, the Commission also called on the Police force not to be deterred from carrying out their duties diligently and professionally, despite the recent provocations by some misguided members of the society who may have hijacked the ongoing protests by the #EndSARS group. The Chief Executive Officer of the NHRC, therefore, urged the Nigerian youths under the umbrella of End SARS to retreat and give the government a reasonable time frame within which to continue in the implementation of their demands. The curfew imposed by some state governments to quell the acts of lawlessness by hoodlums in some parts of the country, he said has resulted to numerous human rights implications on the lives of the citizens which they must have to bear. He said the Commission is mindful of the fact that people have a right to air their grievance or displeasure, such acts must be carried out within the ambit of the law to avoid colossal damage. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!