Just when Nigerians thought the Coronavirus pandemic had depreciated in Nigeria and was no “more in town”, two Nigerian entertainers – On-Air-Personality, Toke Makinwa and Rapper Ladipoe have just been diagnosed with the deadly virus. Over the week, the duo announced their statuses via social media, where they both updated their fans about the veracity of the virus. According to Ladipoe, “I recently received the result for my COVID-19 test and it was positive. I have been in isolation for 10 days now.” He however urged his fans to continue to take the necessary safety precautions when they go out, to protect themselves and their loved ones. “This is definitely something to be taken seriously,” he added. Toke Makinwa on the other side, earlier on Thursday, took to her Instagram page to reveal she had contracted COVID-19 and also shared her experience. Shortly after her revelation, some Nigerians took to her comment section to allege she was paid by the Federal Government to claim she had tested positive for Coronavirus. Reacting to the comments about her being paid to announce her positive COVID-19 status, Toke via her verified Twitter handle, wrote, «And to the people saying the government must have paid me to say I got Covid, I know the government has fucked you over so bad you have trust issues, I feel bad for you too but pls let me heal in peace. “For those who doubt that Covid is real, I hope you get a personal encounter, may you catch Covid-19 and also survive it so going forward if you can’t practice something called “Empathy”, you’ll at least keep quiet. Experience is best. All in all, love and light.” We wish both of them a quick recovery. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.