The Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal has eulogised the victims of 2006 ill fated ADC plane crash from the state, saying they were patriotic and visionary leaders who had penchants for channelling their energies in the service of the state and the country at large. Tambuwal stated this on Saturday at Sultan Muhammadu Maccido institute, Sokoto where a foundation, UK Jarma organised a special prayers for the repose of the souls of the victims of the crash. “Those who lost their lives on 29, October, 2006 ADC plane crash died in the service of humanity,” he added. The Governor who was represented by his Deputy, Muhammad Manir Dan’Iya, said the victims were coming back from education submit in Abuja with intention of bringing reforms to educational sector in the state. The Governor who prayed that Almighty Allah grant them eternal rest said their lives were worthy of emulation. The chairman of the event, Alhaji Umaru Kwabo said the victims had left a vacuum that was difficult to fill stressing that the legacies they left behind cannot be forgotten in a hurry. On his part, the Sultan of Sokoto Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, represented by the district head of Kilgori , Muhammad Jabbi Kilgori said Sokoto has lost good brains praying Amighty Allah to receive their souls. Sa’ad Abubakar who succeeded the late Sultan, also a victim of the crash, commended the organiser of the prayer. In his remark, the secretary of the UK Jarma Foundation, Dr Bello Isa said the gesture is to pray for the reposed of the souls of the victims and to commemorate the unforgettable day. The Sarkin Malammai Sokoto, Khalifa malam Yahaya Na Malam Boyi led other imams in the state to pray for the repose of the souls of the victims. On his part, the secretary of the foundation, Mallam Bello Isa, said the foundation decided to organize the prayer in appreciating the contribution of the deceased to the state. He revealed that the prayer was being organized for the repose of their souls for the past fourteen years. It will be recalled that on 29, October, 2006, Sultan Muhammadu Maccido and his son, a serving senator, the then deputy Governor of Sokoto State, Garba Muhammad with nine others from Sokoto State were among 107 people that lost their lives in ADC plane crashed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.Tambuwal eulogise late Sultan  Tambuwal eulogise late Sultan The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.Tambuwal eulogise late Sultan  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.Tambuwal eulogise late Sultan His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.Tambuwal eulogise late Sultan NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.