The founder and General Overseer of Holy Trinity Apostolic Church, Prophet James Omitade, has said that the unfolding events in the country is an attempt to aspire on a vision that has made several nations great. He said this while speaking to Tribune Church News on the #ENDSARS and anti-police brutality movement going on nationwide. Omitade said: “Everyone talks about unity only in thoughts and never in reality but till truthfulness and absolute dedication is established in all facets of the society, this nation will remain a great nation in thoughts and not in reality.” “Nigeria came up through the experimentation of Lord Lugard in 1914. The North merged with the South and became the synthesis of what Nigerian is now. The United Kingdom, USA, Brazil, Canada, China, and some others are countries, made of diverse groups of people and nations have united to achieve greatness by combining their strengths and weaknesses together. It is a pity that Lugard who should have been rightly referred to as the founding father of the nation, did not tarry. “Over time, various anthropologists, economists, political scientists and other stakeholders have proffered different theses about the country just because she finds it difficult to be numbered among the nations referred to as ‘great’. “The country and her anticipated greatness seem to thrive in thoughts only. Factors which were not and should not be hindrances to nation building have since become the front runner in fostering division. No excuses could be encouraged whatsoever, since we have several countries that were far behind ours, comparatively at independence; a good number of them have leapt beyond ours in terms of economic development and growth. The General Overseer added that Nigeria as a nation had always existed in thoughts of both leaders and followers alike but Nigerians’ potential performance and productivity were received widely abroad yet achieving nothing back home. He stated that people were more concerned about ‘cake sharing’ whereas education would have replaced the terrible vices that the festering in the nation. He said: “issues such as tribalism, ethnicity, religious bigotry and sectionalism need not affect us that much if we are so conscious of a common vision. “Principles of the fear of God which dominated the whole country have disappeared as if Nigeria never had contact with missionaries (both Christians and Muslims). “Professor Soyinka, years ago, described the bulk and the cream of the nation’s population as a wasted generation. Evidently, our attitudes in all matters precipitating the emergence of a thriving nation are yet to reach such a hallmark that will counter his assertion. Our progress had resembled only backward movements. “The protests are a wakeup call to those in positions of authority that Nigerians would no longer keep quiet on matters that concern them.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.