Ace Fuji artiste, Alhaji Wasiu Alabi Pasuma was booed by #EndSARS protesters at the protest ground in Alausa, Ikeja, the Lagos State capital. Pasuma who paid a solidarity visit to the protest ground on Sunday in the company of his associates and bodyguard was booed and verbally assaulted because of his alleged involvement with the chairman of the Lagos State Chapter of the National Union of Road Transport Workers, NURTW, Alhaji Musiliu Akinsanya popularly known as MC Oluomo who was alleged to have sponsored last Thursday’s attack on protesters in Alausa. The protesters wondered why Pasuma was at the protest ground when his alleged paymaster, MC Olumo was behind the attack which left many protesters injured and vehicles destroyed. The musician was fetched to safety by his bodyguard to avoid being lynched. Meanwhile, protesters were treated to a sumptuous meal of Amala and Gbegiri (bean soup) with Ewedu (Jute mallow) courtesy Tunde and Wunmi Obe. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.