Ten days after the Lekki toll gate shootings, the operator of the Lekki Toll gate, Lekki Concession Company, has said no private investigation has been conducted on the shooting of protesters at thè Lekki Toll gate plaza on October 20. The company disclosed that although the footage of the shooting is intact, LCC has yet to come up with any document or investigate the occurrence. Managing Director of the company, Abayomi Omomuwasan, gave the revelation on Friday when he took Justice Doris Okuwobi-led judicial panel of inquiry round the scene of the shooting to ascertain the extent of damage and also acquaint the panel with the workings and architecture of the toll plaza. ALSO READ: FG commences nationwide distribution of free prepaid meters, targets 30 million consumers He said: “We are yet to carry out our private investigation into the shootings. Yes, we have the footage intact but there are has been no investigation or document from us on the shootings. “We have the toll plaza one and the Lekki toll bridge which is also known as TP3. We have the last location which is around the Chevron area. We don’t collect toll there. It is our main office and that is the Toll Plaza two. This is where the shooting of that day occurred. “We have a footage like I said earlier. This is to familiarise the panel to what is it now compare to what it was before the shootings.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.