ONE person has been feared killed as hoodlums, on Sunday morning, attempted to attack the Mokola police station. They were, however, prevented by personnel of Operation Burst and some youths in the area who guarded the station. It was gathered that while the attempt to burn the station was ongoing, policemen attached to the station took to their heels, but youths in the area and Operation Burst personnel quickly saved the situation. It was not clear who actually fired the shot that killed the man. Personnel of the Operation Burst have, however, been patrolling the state capital to forestall further breakdown of law and order. Speaking on a radio programme on Sunday morning, the Director-General of Operation Burst, Colonel Oladipo Ajibola (retd), who confirmed the incident, said normalcy had been restored to the areas. Hoodlums also laid siege on the popular Aleshinloye market with a view to looting it. Tribune Online gathered that the hoodlums, who arrived the market on Saturday night, were being prevented by security personnel. As of 2:00 p.m. on Sunday, the hoodlums were still within the vicinity of the market, holding on till when the security personnel would leave so that they can move in and loot shops. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. One feared killed as hoodlums attempt to burn Mokola police station Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!