The newly appointed Director-General/Chief Executive Officer, National Commission for Museums and Monuments (NCMM), Professor Abba Isa Tijani has promised to give national museums of unity across the country more relevance and promotion through innovative means. The NCMM boss who disclosed to TravelpulseandMICE during a visit to the Museum of Unity Ibadan recently said he is very pleased with the situation of things at the museum, promising to look at innovative ways to take the richness of the museums closer to people for them to see and appreciate their heritage. According to Professor Tijani, “My plan now is to work with the private sector, and we recently gathered with the Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Lai Mohammed in opening the exhibition at Tera Culture, a private gallery where we also have our objects being displayed. “So that is one of the collaborations we started just now and have this plans to work with individual galleries that will be able to display our collections for people to have access to these collections and understand the richness of our culture. “With collaborative exhibition, we don’t have to bear all the cost of the exhibition, so through this interaction, we will be able to portray our activities to the communities. “I am also looking at one interesting line where for example, we have banks across Nigeria and banks are one of these industries that we have a lot of people visiting them everyday and you have sometimes huge queues not only in the banking hall but at the ATMs. “I’m thinking of collaborating with the banks so that we will be able to create a kind of gallery exhibition in all this banks so that the richness of our culture can also be display there for people who visit the bank will have the opportunity to see museums in the banks.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.NCMM boss promises The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.NCMM boss promises  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.NCMM boss promises  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.NCMM boss promises  NCMM boss promises NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.