A female teacher with Concordia College, Jimeta, Yola, Adamawa State, Oluwabunmi Adani, has emerged the winner of this year’s Maltina Teacher of the Year (MTOY) award. She has announced the winner on Friday at the grand finale of the 2020 MTOY award ceremony held at Eko Hotel and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos with the Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Uwajiuba; Lagos State Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo; and Registrar of the Teachers’ Registration Council of Nigeria, Prof Josiah Ajiboye, among others in attendance. It was a low key event. With her emergency as a current MTOY Award winner, Mrs Anani, who teaches the English language in her school becomes the sixth teacher to win the award which is free and open to all secondary school teachers nationwide Messrs Collins Ezem and Olasunkanmi Opeifa, both from FCT schools won the 2019 and 2018 edition, respectively. MTOY award, an annual event with this year’s edition sixth in the series, is an initiative of Nigerian Breweries Plc domiciled under its humanitarian arm- Felix Ohiwerei Education Trust Fund- to identify and showcase committed and hardworking secondary school teachers nationwide and consequently lift the education sector and the economy as a whole. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…Adamawa teacher    Adamawa teacher The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Adamawa teacher  Adamawa teacher  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84…Adamawa teacher  Adamawa teacher His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Adamawa teacher SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.