Nigeria’s Governors’ Forum (NGF) on Monday dismissed the allegation that the State Governors hoarded the CA-COVID palliatives donated to subnational governments by the Organised Private Sector (OPS) to cushion the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the vulnerable groups across the country. The NGF’s position was conveyed via a statement titled: ‘Governors and the CACOVID Palliatives’ issued by its Head of Media and Public Affairs, Mr Abdulrazaque Bello-Barkindo, expressed regrets over the fallout of the protests which led to the loss of lives and property. Bello-Barkindo who explained some of the stolen palliatives had the CACOVID stamp embossed on them, observed that the headquarters of most of the public-spirited organisations, corporate bodies and individuals that came together to form the Coalition Against COVID-19 CACOVID. “The Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) have since the EndSARS demonstrations started, held several meetings to address the underlying concerns and members have aligned themselves with the call for justice leading to the setting up of judicial panels in the States of the Federation against Police brutality. “The NGF regrets the loss of lives and property occasioned by the violent protests that erupted and calls for calm. “A lot of the information circulating the social media needs to be fact-checked. The NGF pleads with members of the public to desist from spreading rumours which further creates panic and stampede. “For example, some of the properties stolen and vandalized, include palliatives set aside for vulnerable members of society. “The NGF re-emphasizes and corrects the impression that palliatives found in warehouses that were broken into in Lagos and some other states were kept in storage for members of the society especially our vulnerable citizens. “The erroneous impression in the public domain that these palliatives were hoarded is not just inaccurate, entirely erroneous and untrue but also mischievous, to say the least. “For the avoidance of doubt, some of the palliatives had the CACOVID stamp embossed on them, meaning that their source is unambiguous. ALSO READ: Sapele/Ologbo/Benin Road: Group commends Omo-Agege for intervention “As we know, CACOVID operations are mainly domiciled in Lagos, being the headquarters of most of the public-spirited organisations, corporate bodies and individuals that came together to form the Coalition Against COVID-19; CACOVID. “Until mid-October, when the NGF had its last meeting, up to ten States had not participated in the flag-off ceremonies for the distribution of palliatives in their States. This was because the items meant for distribution in these states had not been completely received from CACOVID. “Some other states that still had palliatives in their warehouses chose to keep a strategic reserve ahead of a projected second wave of COVID-19. “Furthermore, as of a couple of weeks ago, some States were still receiving palliatives from the Federal Government through the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development. “The NGF wishes to state categorically that no State has been involved in or has hoarded any palliatives. “The NGF also assures all contributors to the palliatives that prior to the looting of these warehouses, States had kept full accounts of all the items received and distributed. “NGF calls on members of the public to check their facts. While we all recognize the need for improved governance, we should be careful not to damage ourselves by pushing the wrong narrative. “The State Governors are doing their very best under the circumstances to ameliorate the needs of the teeming population “The Nigeria Governors’ Forum stands for justice, improved governance and a progressive Nigeria,” Mr Bello-Barkindo stressed. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!