As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights abuse. This was contained in a statement signed by the director of Amnesty International Nigeria, Mr Osai Ojigho, which was forwarded to Tribune Online. The statement reads “today’s announcement by the IGP disbanding the infamous SARS falls short of demands for accountability and justice for abuses committed by the unit and the police in general. “Disbanding SARS must be supported by addressing the underlying issues that allowed impunity to thrive. For a sustainable and long-lasting change, the police authorities must take the following steps: “Immediate and unhindered access to SARS and other police detention centres by oversight bodies such as Police Service Commission, National Human Rights Commission, as well as lawyers and human rights defenders. “Immediate investigation and prosecution of all police officers who have been accused of grave human rights violations such as extrajudicial killings/executions, torture, and other ill-treatment. “A clear and concise timeline for the implementation of the reforms to end police atrocities is key to safeguarding trust between Nigerians and the authorities,” the statement added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. STILL TRENDING: IGP Disbands SARS Following Nationwide #EndSARS Protests In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!