Olufunso Sobande was born at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan on October 12, 1967 to late Mr. Victor Olufemi Sobande (then Manager of the University Guest Houses, University of Ibadan) and Architect (Mrs.) Bola Sobande. In this interview by Sickle Cell Bulletin, he speaks about how he was diagnosed with Hb SS at the age of three and how he has been coping with the disease.  Educational background? I went to nursery school on the university campus and later to Mary Hill Convent School, Agodi, Ibadan, for my primary school education.  My secondary school education was at International School, Ibadan (ISI).  When I left school, I was admitted into the University of Lagos to study Mathematics.  After my first year, I changed my course to Economics and got into the University of Ife but, due to ill-health, I had to change universities again and eventually graduated with a degree in Economics from the University of Ibadan in 1988.  While I was working, I got a Chevening scholarship to study at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow where I got a masters’ degree in Finance in 1996.  When did you discover your Hb SS status and how did it affect your schooling? I was diagnosed with Hb SS at age 3 or 4.  Prior to this, my eldest brother – the first born in the family – had already been diagnosed with Hb SS.  I remember I used to fall ill quite often as a child and it was because I believed I was like any other child and could do the things other children did at school.  I often ended up short of breath and that would trigger a crisis.  There were times I missed school exams and, on occasion, even had to write exams on my sick bed!  On two such occasions, I came first in class. I had very good grades throughout school despite ill-health.  Tell us more about your schooling days? On January 14, 1975, I lost my dad to pancreatic cancer after which we had to move out of the Staff Quarters on campus.  My mum refused to remarry and decided to bring us up on her own.  When I took the common entrance exams a few years later, I got admission into King’s College, Lagos, and ISI.  I chose to stay in Ibadan because of my health issues.  My eldest brother also attended ISI.  Although I used to fall ill (though not as often as before), I did well academically at ISI.  I passed JAMB without any problems and was admitted to University of Lagos.  I was not sure of what I wanted to study and late Prof. Aboyade – a family friend – tried to convince me to study Economics.  I opted to study Mathematics and spent one year at the University of Lagos.  Only one year?  What happened? Aboyade eventually convinced me to study Economics instead of Mathematics.  So I took JAMB again and was admitted to University of Ife where I stayed in the Boys’ Quarters of a family friend.  At Unife, lecture halls were located rather far away from the residential areas.  So, to reduce my stress, my mum bought me a small car to commute to lectures and back.  You did not graduate from Ife.  Why? One day, when I was not feeling very well, a friend suggested that we take a trip to Ibadan.  I agreed.  The bus taking us broke down along the way and we had to get on another bus to complete the journey.  When I got home, I went to lie down while my sister prepared something for me to eat.  That was the last thing that I remembered.  I was in a coma for three days!  I had cerebral malaria.  Between hospitalisation and the next academic session, my mum got me admission into the University of Ibadan to study Economics.  I also received a UAC scholarship to support my university education.  I graduated in Economics with a second class upper degree.  What did you do after graduating from the University of Ibadan? I did the mandatory NYSC service year in Oyo State but before my service year ended, my mum left for the USA.  After my service year, I worked as a Trainee Accountant at Z.O. Ososanya& Co.  I left the firm to join IBTC in Lagos as a pioneer member of staff and worked there for seven years.  It was while working there that I got a British Chevening scholarship which enabled me to study at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow in 1996.  While I was in Scotland, I fell ill and had to be admitted to Queen Mary’s Hospital.  While I was in Lagos, I had been receiving treatment at the Military Hospital on Awolowo Road in Ikoyi and had been placed on Hydroxyurea.  However, after some tests were carried out in the UK, as part of their research to find out why I was not exhibiting as many symptoms as other people with sickle cell disorder, I was told to stop using Hydroxyurea.  Now, I only use folic acid and anti-malaria drugs. When I returned to Nigeria, I was employed by First Securities Discount House Limited.  I changed banks a few times thereafter.  Rising to the top of the Treasury profession, I became President of the Money Market Association (now Financial Markets Dealers’ Association – FMDA).  From 2012 to 2014, I worked at the Central Bank of Nigeria in Abuja as Chief Dealer, a position that I got through head hunters.  When my contract ended, I moved back to Lagos and started my own business.  I set up a Bureau de Change and another logistics & advisory company to execute various types of contracts.  For three years I was self-employed and it was during this period that I consulted for the Governor of the Central Bank of Liberia.  I later joined Flour Mills as Group Treasurer of 23 subsidiaries.  However, when the traffic situation in Apapa became impossible, I had to leave the job to safeguard my health.  Most recently, I was the Executive Director, Pensions Arm of First Bank until February 2019.  Altogether, I have spent 24 years in banking both at the local and international levels.  Quite an active life!  Please tell us how you became involved with the Sickle Cell Foundation Nigeria. I first met Prof. Akinyanju when I started working at IBTC in Lagos and had to go to his clinic for treatment.  He was the one who drew me in when he started asking me to appear on TV shows to share my experiences coping with sickle cell anemia.  One thing led to another and, before I knew it, I was asked to write a chapter in a book co-authored by Prof.  I also got involved with Sickle Cell Clubs because I felt it was important to share experiences as much as possible, to demystify the illness and to create awareness that those afflicted can also live normal life and, not just succeed, but excel in their chosen careers.  For an affected person, challenges arise from work, marriage and other activities.  More recently, I became President of the Sickle Cell Champions Club, a club started by someone who also has sickle cell disorder, with the purpose of helping others to know that the SS affliction can be overcome.  The club’s membership, constitution and slogan, “I am a living legend”, help to emphasise that there are successful individuals living and coping with sickle cell and that sickle cell disorder is not a death sentence. Although, there are low times such as the time we lost a member, this has not deterred me from championing our cause.  What impact do you think the Champions Club will have on people affected by sickle cell? Our full slogan is: “I’m a living legend.  I continue to persevere and continue to prosper.”  The club showcases people with SS who have faced challenges and are doing well. The club will give others hope so that they too can overcome challenges.  Some of the initiatives already in place include giving jobs and scholarships to affected persons.  As the club grows, we hope we will be able to provide other forms of support.  There are many HbSS initiatives out there but mostly uncoordinated.  We want to see how we can harness all these initiatives for the benefit of affected persons.  How did you meet your wife and where? I met my wife at the University of Ife where we were both undergraduates. My Hb SS status didn’t seem to change the way she felt about me.  In fact, she was more concerned about how her family would react to her wanting to marry someone with sickle cell disorder. Fortunately, the family reacted positively.  Naturally, her father was concerned for my health but not in an antagonistic way.  Luckily, my wife is HbAA. We have been blessed with a boy (20 years old) and a girl (15 years old).  As can be expected, they are both HbAS.  What advice would you give to other affected persons? They need to understand their bodies.  As you grow up, you tend to know what can trigger a crisis.  When you feel you are close to an attack, you need to slow down and take a break.  Even sudden adrenaline rushes can trigger a crisis.  One should not over exert oneself because oxygen loss is a big issue.  Knowing one’s limits is just as important because different things trigger crises in different people. Secondly, it is important to drink plenty of fluids, get the right diet and take one’s medications.  Thirdly, affected persons should let people around them know when they start feeling ill. Finally, employers should also be made aware of an employee’s HbSS status at the hiring stage.  For example, I always let my employers know upfront that there are times I may not be able to function but whenever I am at work, I am at my best.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES NIGERIAN TRIBUNE At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…council workers falsify information  council workers falsify information  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!