Voting has commenced in polling units in Okitipupa Local Government Area for the governorship election in Ondo State. It was observed INEC ad hoc staff were on ground early in most units as voting commenced exactly 8:30 am with a large number of voters on the queue ready to exercise their franchise. There is the adequate deployment of security agents as polling units visited have at least three police officers maintaining law and order in the area. Also, it was observed that there was substantial compliance with COVID-19 safety protocols as the use of face masks was compulsory before any voter will be allowed to vote.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. Voting in Okitipupa polling units SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!