Suspected bandits who kidnapped a director at the Zamfara State Health Services Management Board, Abubakar Ango Kanoma, have demanded a N100million naira ransom for his release. Tribune Online reports that the kidnappers spoke to the family of the victim on the phone in the early hours of Monday. According to one of the family member, Muhammad Kanoma told Tribune Online in Gusau that the kidnappers called in the early hours of today, “they requested the ransom and we told them that we don’t have such huge amount of money. “They told us how much are we ready to pay and we replied that we have no money. They said we should think again that they would call back.” The Tribune Online reports that it is exactly seven days that the suspected bandits invaded Kanoma Community of Maru local government area of Zamfara State and kidnapped five persons including the director. The other four kidnap victims are family of the former clerk to Zamfara State house of Assembly. All of them are still in captivity.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!