The Nassiriya Organization in 21 states of the federation has dragged governor Nasiru Elrufai to High court in Kaduna seeking the court to compel him to accept their request for him to join the presidential in 2023. Addressing newsmen in Kaduna at the weekend, the National Leader of the Nassiriya Movement and Zonal Vice Chairman of the All Progressive Congress(APC) in the Northwest, Dr.Garkuwa Ibrahim Babuga, said already they had instituted a suit in Kaduna high Court against the governor’s refusal to accept their request. Babuga said they have no option than to approach the court because they had spoken to the governor on the issue but he had declined their request. “We also met his parents and relations but we’ve not gotten a successful answer.We have to go to court.Nigeria is for El-Rufai in 2023. “El-Rufa’i is fit to be President based on his tract records of achievements. Many people are yearning for the El-Rufai’s Presidency. I don’t have to overblow the trumpet,you all have seen his developmental strides in the FCT and in Kaduna state. He is the best person for the villa in 2023.” ALSO READ:Gombe gov donates facility for establishment of Police Tactical Training School “Let’s continue to be loyal and support President Buhari to complete his tenure. But El-Rufai as President and successor to Buhari will further unite Nigeria. ‘We are appealing to our elders in the North, please forget party differences ,we should join forces and rally round El-Rufa’i so that he contest and win the presidency.” “Although he did not answer our call, we have gone  to court so as to compel El-Rufai to vie for the number one seat in Nigeria. The next sitting on the matter is on the 2nd of November,2020. We have seek the legal services of Barrister El-Zubair. We will all be in the court,” he said. Recall, El-Rufai’s  had asserted in the media that he was in support of a president from the south come 2023,the leader of Nassiriya Organization said that was El-Rufai ‘s opinion at that moment. “It was his opinion. All we are looking for now,is to drag him into the race.El-Rufa’i will be the best Nigerian President in 2023 by the grace of Allah,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.