President Muhammadu Buhari has, on behalf of Nigeria, signed the Instrument of Ratification of the Doha Amendment of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC). The president’s action in Abuja on Friday makes Nigeria the 144th country to ratify the protocol. In appending his signature to the document, he said: ”I, Muhammadu Buhari, President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, do hereby formally declare that the Federal Republic of Nigeria accepts the aforementioned Amendment of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and undertakes faithfully to perform and carry out the stipulations therein contained,.’ A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) informed that a total of 144 of the 192 signatory countries need to submit their formal acceptance of the Amendment for it to enter into force. It pointed out that in confirming Nigeria’s endorsement of the climate treaty, Patricia Espinosa, the Executive Secretary, UNFCCC, tweeted: ”An incredible milestone! With 144 parties now signed, the Doha amendment enters into force. This is fantastic news for our process @UNFCCC towards #ClimateAction. Many thanks, Nigeria @MBuhari for your ratification!” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Buhari signs Doha amendment  Buhari signs Doha amendment Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Buhari signs Doha amendment  Buhari signs Doha amendment Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Buhari signs Doha amendment    Buhari signs Doha amendment NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!