A former governorship aspirant on the platform of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, Olusegun Agbalajobi, has declared that nothing will stop Governor Rotimi Akeredolu’s re-election. Agbalajobi assured that Akeredolu will emerge victorious with a wide margin in the October 10 governorship election in Ondo, saying that any gang against him will fail because he has restored peoples’ hope in governance. The APC chieftain, in a statement in Ado-Ekiti, on Wednesday, explained that there were clear indications across the state that the APC would win by landslide in all the 18 Local Government Areas of Ondo State. Agbalajobi said Akeredolu deserves re-election following his uncompromising commitment to changing the narrative of governance and develop the state. He noted that the state has witnessed genuine infrastructural development in the last three years, adding that projects scattered across the three senatorial districts of the state were testimonies of Akeredolu’s distinct qualities. He said re-electing Akeredolu for another four years will allow him to consolidate on his litany of achievements, thereby moving Ondo State to a higher pedestal. Agbalajobi stressed that Akeredolu’s re-election would further engender socio-economic growth and development of the state, stating that the life-changing projects are purposely set up to secure future for generations yet unborn in the state. ALSO READ: Ondo Decides: Buhari, Osinbajo, 12 Govs storm Akure for Akeredolu “I never had a doubt Governor Akeredolu will emerge victorious in the October 10 poll because I believe there are lots of achievements that could be attached to his stewardship in the last three and half years. “Aketi has performed creditably well in all sectors of governance. There’s no doubt that the litany of life-changing projects spread across the 18 council areas will definitely sway votes of the masses for him,” he said. He lauded the governor’s unprecedented efforts at opening up Ondo for economic prosperity, provisions of essential social amenities, attracting both domestic and private investors and developing critical infrastructures capable of accelerating the socio-economic fortune of the state. He, therefore called on Ondo people not to allow the opposition parties to abort the developmental stride of the APC-led administration, urging them to support Akeredolu to enable him to consolidate on the gains of his first term in the interest of the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    Ondo 2020: Nothing can stop Akeredolu’s victory ― Ex-guber aspirant SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!