Following the 24 hours curfew announced by the Lagos State government to stop the ongoing #EndSARS protests in the state, Arik Air has just announced that it has cancelled all its flight operations for Wednesday, October 21, 2020, due to the 24 hours curfew announced by the Lagos State government on Tuesday, October 20, 2020. According to the airline management: “All booked passengers on the cancelled flights are advised to reschedule their flights for later dates at no extra cost.” The Lagos State government earlier announced a 24 hours curfew effective 4:00 pm October 20, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Hoodlums Set Prisoners Free In Benin During #EndSARS Protest (SEE VIDEO) The Nigerian Correctional Centre facility, otherwise known as prison, located at Reservation Road Junction on Sapele Road, Benin City, on Monday suffered a prison break as the #EndSARS protesters locked down the ancient city. BREAKING: Buhari, Senate President, House Of Reps Speaker In Closed-Door Meeting Over #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari is currently holding a closed-door meeting with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila over the various #EndSARS, #EndSWAT protests across the country. My Convoy Was Attacked By Political Thugs Not Protesting Youths — Oyetola Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola has said that, he was attacked by thugs and not protesting youths. In his broadcast to the people of the state this morning in Osogbo, the governor alleged that… JUST IN: IGP Lists Requirements As Training Of SWAT Officers Begins Monday The training of the officers of the recently created Special Weapons and Tactics Teams (SWAT) unit by the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) in place of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) will commence on Monday in Osun and Nasarawa States. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. 24 hours curfew: Arik Air cancels Wednesday flights Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.