The governor of Ondo State and the candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC) has won his unit in the ongoing governorship election in unit 6, ward 2 in Ijebu-Owo, Owo, headquarters of Owo Local government area of the state. Governor Akeredolu scored 413 votes to defeat his PDP counterpart, Eyitayo Jegede who scored 12 and the candidate of ZLP, Agboola Ajayi who scored zero votes. Speaking after casting his vote, Akeredolu expressed optimism that he would emerge victorious at the end of the exercise, appealing to the electorate to monitor their votes in order to ensure that their votes count. “I’m sure my God will give me victory at the end of the day. I put my trust in God and I’m sure He won’t let me down. My confidence is not in any man but in God.” “From all information I’ve received, the election is going on smoothly. We have just started and the election has been peaceful so far.” He urged his supporters to remain peaceful throughout the period of the exercise and beyond. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Akeredolu wins Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… Akeredolu wins SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!