FOLLOWING the social and economic  lockdown  in the country  occasioned by the  COVID-19 pandemic, a  Lagos-based group  known as  Kindle Africa Empowerment  Initiative in collaboration  with  Dreams from the Slums Initiative organisation organised a free vocational training school for school teachers in  Lagos. The training was to expose them to  private  income generation strategies, an alternative to the white collar  job The development led to an intense entrepreneurial education intended to expose the learners to various vocational skills where no fewer than 183 participants had benefited. Speaking at the second graduation ceremony held at the Slums Initiative Hall, Ajegunle, Lagos,  the founder, Kindle Africa Empowerment  Initiative, a non-governmental organisation (NGO), Mrs  Olorunfunmi Adebajo Olafimihan,  declared that the  NGO was established with a mission to eradicate poverty by improving access to education for women and children in slum communities in the country. According to her, the empowerment programme was targeted at vulnerable women to empower them with vocational skills with scholarship for basic education in the slum community as well as free adult  education  programmes. Her word: “Kindle  Africa targets communities  where people have very  limited educational attainments  to  provide vocational skills as a tool to eradicate povert in those communities, and  we  also  provide   scholarship for basic education and training for teachers in the low cost schools in the communities. “We have  realised that  schools in these  communities could  hardly  pay teachers’ salary  during the COVID-19 pandemic; we introduced vocational training for them  to be  self-sufficient in the community aside from the palliative services, which we extended to them periodically. The vocational training we engaged them are viable and combinable with their teaching profession. “Some of the vocational training include soup making, barbing, catering, wig making, content development, social media marketing and some other online trades. We believe that with the vocational training knowledge one can be self-independent and can also be quickly absorbed into the labour market. We organised the training across all the slum communities in Lagos metropolis. So far, no fewer than 183 teachers have benefited from the training programme and 100 of them were from AJegunle community. “The training was free for the selected participants. We also have provision of soft a loan for them, with a grant of N20,000 for the best performed learners in some of the skills to encourage them. We had sponsorship from some organisations which believe in our dreams to arganise the programme” Two of the participants who spoke with Education Tribune about the training, Mrs Peace Okafor and Mr Alphonsus  Egwim, described the training programme as a blessing  to the poor people  in the society. According to them, if government would support them with funds to kick-start their businesses, the development would go a long way to eradicate poverty in the society.” We have the skills now but we would need government support,” they said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!