For the second time, the Lagos State University(LASU) Ojo has postponed its 24th convocation ceremonies. The university had originally fixed the ceremonies for between Friday, March 20, and Friday, March 27, 2020, before it postponed it due to COVID-19 pandemic to between Friday,  October 30, and  Friday, November 6, where it is now postponed again indefinitely. The Head of Information, Press and Public Relations Unit of the university, Mr Ademola Adekoya, made the announcement in a statement, on Tuesday. He said the extended management of the university took the decision at a meeting held with the deans of faculties earlier in the day. He said the latest postponement is in view of the recent security breach as a fallout of #EndSARS nationwide protests in the state and the country at large. He said while the university management regretted any inconvenience the postponement might cause graduating students and their parents, the awardees and other stakeholders, a new date would be announced soonest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. LASU FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. LASU Okonjo-Iweala in Aso Rock holds meeting with Buhari Former Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister for the Economy, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, is at the presidential villa, Abuja for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari. LASU Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!