Findings have revealed how clearing agents connive with military personnel to evade payment of road taxes on imported Roll-On-Roll-Off (RORO) cargoes at the Lagos seaport of Apapa and Tin-Can ports. Disclosing this to the Nigerian Tribune exclusively, spokesman of the Lagos State Wharf Landing Fee Collecting Authority (LSWLFCA), Mr. Michael Oputeh, explained that many of the cargoes that come into the country, particularly vehicles, are not paying the Lagos State road tax because clearing agents use military personnel to clear such cargoes. According to Michael Oputeh, “Many cargoes that come into the country now evade the Lagos State wharf landing taxes. Cargoes like mostly vehicles don’t pay these taxes because clearing agents now connive with military personnel to evade payment.” When asked how the clearing agents use military officials to evade this Lagos State tax, Mr. Oputeh explained that, “For some of the vehicles that come into the country through our ports, no wharf landing taxes are paid to the Lagos State government in line with the State laws guiding imports into the country. “Clearing agents connive with military personnel to evade these taxes. The wharf landing fee is a road tax and is only collected on cargoes when the cargoes are leaving the ports. For vehicles, clearing agents ask military personnel to help them drive these vehicles out of the ports. “So when our officials see these vehicles with military men driving them out of the ports, there is nothing our officials can do because of the respect for the uniform. We later found out that these military officials are not the owners of the vehicles, but where contracted by the clearing agents handling this jobs to help them drive the vehicles out of the ports. “In a nutshell, the Lagos State government is losing revenue through the connivance of clearing agents and military men on Roll-On-Roll-Off (RORO) cargoes at the ports.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!