At an event to increase awareness on water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH), the founder of Child Health Environment and Safety Trust (CHEST), Professor Godson Ana, said that children remain the worst hit among vulnerable groups that have been impacted by the dearth of WASH practices in Nigeria. Speaking on the theme of the event, “Community WASH: Child Health and Sustainable Livelihood”, Professor Ana said there was the need to continue creating awareness of the importance of “increasing access to water and improvement in WASH conditions so that the health of our children improves and morbidity is reduced.” The event held at Jesus Children Mission Outreach Orphanage in Ibadan comes at a time the world is promoting proper hygiene and sanitation to prevent further spread of the pandemic. Professor Ana said that CHEST was also holding the event to commemorate the World Environmental Health Day celebrated September 26 yearly. On why children were the target audience for the WASH sensitisation event, Professor Ana said if children are made aware, they have the power “to push for those things to be put in place. They know how to talk to their parents for it to be brought to the fore, and attention will be more heightened in the society.” Professor Ana noted that for adequate and functioning water infrastructure to be put in place, it must come from the goodwill of the government because relevant policies were existing, but the lack of implementation is a major hindrance. “Government is a continuum. There must be mechanisms in place for the implementation of policies,” he said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!