Armed Police personnel, on Sunday, dispersed hundreds of protesters against the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS Unit of the Nigeria Police Force with hot water and tear gas in their attempt to resume their ongoing nationwide protest against the Squad. Eyes witnesses said that the gun welding Police Personnel also condoned off the Force Headquarters which led to the disruption of Vehicular and human movements within the area. It was gathered that policemen on sighting the protesters approached them, shooting at them with hot water from a water cannon and teargas while the protesters scampered for safety. Eyes witnesses said that the tension was so hot to the extent that the IGP had to rush down to the office to personally oversee affairs of things However, a few hours after the face-off between the protesters and the Police, the IGP Summoned a World Press Conference in which he announced the formal dissolution of SARS Nationwide The Protesters at the Force Headquarters before being scattered demanded that everyone arrested for their participation in the protest nationwide must be released. It was gathered that some of the protesters were arrested while a number of them sustained injuries. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. #OndoDecides2020: Pandemonium In Akure Polling Unit As Gunmen Disrupt Voting Pandemonium erupted in Akure on Saturday morning, as gun-wielding men suspected to be political thugs invaded a polling unit located at unit 4, ward 4, Ijomu/Obanla, in Akure South Local Government Area of the state. #EndSARS: Police disperse protesters with hot water, tear gas in Abuja SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!