A MINIBUS driver complained before a local court in Lusaka, Zambia,  that his wife sleeps in leggings to prevent him from making love to her. Richard Makuza, 48, of Kanyama compound was testifying in a case in which his wife, Patricia Mulenga, 40, a business woman sued him for divorce on allegation that he was violent. According to the Zambian Observer, the two got married in 1996 and have five children. Patricia told the senior  court magistrate,  Lewis Mumba,  sitting with two other  magistrates, Abbyshine Michelo and Esther Mulomba at Kanyama Local Court that  Richard has been beating her over petty issues since her father died in 2004. She explained that in 2006, he threatened to burn her clothes and was forced to seek refuge at her parents’ home. She told the court that  he once beat her until she fainted. Patricia said that in 2015,  Makuza started working for APG Milling in Mansa but still failed to provide for the family because he only sent home K50 or K100 per month. She further said that  Richard joined her in June 2016 when his contract was terminated but she never saw the benefits he was given. “When I asked for our children’s school fees,  he beat me in public and removed the chitenge material I was wearing. “I was left in the short skirt I was wearing and in the confusion he beat a man who wanted to rescue me from his hand,” Patricia said. In defense, Richard denied  being violent but admitted that problem started in 2006 when he had a girlfriend. He explained that when he came from Mansa, his wife started sleeping in leggings to prevent him from making love to her. The magistrate, Mumba stated that there was violence in their  marriage and since Patricia wanted divorce, the court had no power to force her to continue living with Richard. He granted the couple divorce, ordering Richard to compensate Patricia with K6,000 with an initial payment of K1,000 followed by monthly instalments of K300 and to be paying child maintenance fee of K400. Property acquired together  was ordered to be shared equally. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!