No fewer than 12 serving members observing the mandatory one-year National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) in Anambra State, have tied the nuptial knot. Nigerian Tribune gathered that some of the couples, Eze Obinwa, Oluchi , Henry Nwachoko Charles Ruth, Oluchukwu Davis, Ohale Nkemakolam, Nsofor Obianuju, Ogberie Collins, Nwokearu Chinyeremaka, Bernard Faith Amarachi and Okafor Chukwudi met themselves while serving in the state. The one-year scheme for Nigerian graduates draws people from different parts of the country for a three- week camp, before continuing with the one-year primary assignment in different organisations, including government establishments In his brief remark, the state coordinator, Mr Kehinde Aremu, commended the state Governor, Willie Obiano, for creating an enabling environment for the success of the event as well as and his commitment to the welfare of corps members in the state, saying the scheme has not had such laudable event since its creation in Nigeria. “I prayed for you all to have a joyful and loving married,” he added. The Assistant Director, NYSC South-East Area office, Mrs  IfyNwafor, said many people embark on NYSC for different reasons, adding that one of them included a chance meeting with the love of their lives. The married corp members, Mrs Okearu Chinyeremaka, Mrs Bernard Faith Amarachi, Mr Oluchukwu Davis and Ohale Nkemakolam, told the Nigerian Tribune that they got attracted to each during the morning prayers at the orientation camp, Onitsha Park, among others, before starting their relationship. The ceremony took place at Cichotel Conference Hall Awka, the state capital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!