Olamilekan Agbeleshe better known as Laycon emerged the winner of the Big Brother Naija season five aptly named ‘Lockdown’. He contested against 19 other housemates and carted home the N85m grand prize after 71 days in the BBN House that was the talk of the African continent. ROTIMI IGE caught up with him and presents excerpts of their interaction where he talks about his philosophy, dreams, aspirations and why the government and police force need to do more to earn the trust of Nigerians in its system and structure.  You are now the most popular man in Nigeria, aptly named the president of the Icons. How does this make you feel? I feel blessed and appreciative of everything that I am getting from everyone. I mean; I went into the house to promote my song and had no expectations of staying more than two weeks. Now I am a trending topic on everyone’s lips. I am grateful for the love and appreciate every single person who has helped me get to where I am today.  What has changed about you? Before you came into the house and now that you are a celebrity. I would say what has changed about me is growth. I have grown to be more appreciative and to be even more tolerant. I lived with 19 other people with different characteristics and I learnt a lot from each and all of them. Now, I understand that I have the responsibility to be a role model to many youths and I have the responsibility to spread love and light where ever and however I can. I have a huge responsibility now as the winner of the show to not just Nigerians or my fans but to the rest of Africa and even the world. The love I have received in the last few months have been amazing. It’s now my responsibility to give back.  How do you intend to deal with fans expectations and entitlements? While I know that surely my fans will have certain expectations, it is important to note that the collective goal for us all is to be bigger. They want me to succeed in my endeavours and that is the ultimate goal. Surely there may be certain entitlements here and there, but it will be well managed to explore the good in all of it. My fans desire that I become the best that I can be and that is what I am going to do; be the best!  You have recorded a remix of the smash hit ‘Nobody’ with DJ Neptune and it is due for release soon. When was it done? I left the house on Sunday and recorded my verse on the song on Tuesday. My attitude to work has not changed despite my newly acquired status.  Let’s go back to your time in the house. Who were your favourite housemates? I was closest to Vee, Neo, Nengi, Praise, KiddWaya.  There were discussions about musical collaborations between a few of you, Vee, TrikyTee etc… Should fans expect songs from you people? Definitely. We are going to record songs featuring one another and it will be done as soon as we can do it.  What motivates your lyrics? I am usually inspired by everything around me. Situations, experiences generally. I want to make a difference in the society.  So, do we expect a song about your stay in the house? (Laughs). Maybe, maybe not. We will just have to keep our fingers crossed on that.  I’ll like to ask about how you handled abuse in the house especially that night with Erica. You were calm all through even when she abused you repeatedly and got disqualified eventually. Was this borne out of any life experiences? One thing I have come to realise in life is that you cannot enforce your opinions on anyone.  Even when people have opinions about you that you are not comfortable with, you have to learn to be in control of your emotions. If you allow the comments from anyone to get to you and make you react in that moment, it may get out of control and may be regrettable later. So, I decided at that point to remain calm and not escalate the situation further.  You excelled in sports topics in the House. How did you become so knowledgeable in sports? I have always loved sports. In fact, right from childhood, I have always had a passion for sports and played football. I was a very good goal keeper even. However, after I discovered my passion for music, I had to drop sports. In the house, finding that Ozo also a sports background and history was icing to the cake and I am glad we won a sports related task from Betway with our pitch, Making A Difference (M.A.D).  Having won the Betway task, what are its objectives? We want to change the orientation about Nigerian sports and its background. We hope to be able to amplify the need for concerted efforts at the transition of players and coaches from our youth teams up to the Super Eagles. Players and coaches should move from stage to stage via a gradual and constant process. Look at the way the Brazilian football association is structured. When a coach leaves, his assistant should have first dibs to take over. Same for the U-17s. They should be promoted to the next level until they get into the Super Eagles. We also hope to lend our voice to the general administration of sports in Nigeria.  Your favourite team? It will shock people to know that I do not have a favourite team. However, I have a favourite coach and he is Jose Mourinho.  Your jacket on the opening night, with lights and all, was a subtle message that most people did not understand at the time, at least, until now. Tell us, what was your message with that lighted jacket? I am someone who wants to spread love and light everywhere I go and that jacket was a direct representation of the message I wanted to pass. I am happy that the message is clear now. I am a creative and I put my creativity to the test. It’s safe to say, it paid off.  Entertainers have passed through the BBNaija process but have had problems sustaining the tempo. How do you hope to last beyond 12 months? I understand the huge demands posed to me at this time and I want everyone to know that I am just starting. I am up to the task and will reveal my plans as they unfold. My new video for ‘Hip Hop’ is coming out, the ‘Nobody’ remix with Neptune is slated for release, among other projects.  Your late father was a policeman and you spoke glowingly about his service to the nation. Now, the police force is in the eye of a storm owing to brutality of Nigerians, among other vices. You have lent your voice to the #EndSars movement on your social media platforms. What are your thoughts on police reforms in Nigeria? It is only when I trust you that I will believe in you. There is no trust in the system. The government has to do more than pay lip service. The police force have to be held accountable for the actions but as we have it today in Nigeria, who will police the police? Not all of the officers are bad. But essentially, we need a structure and chain of command that the citizens can trust and believe in. I believe if the Federal Government and the Nigerian Police Force can earn the trust of Nigerians, things will gradually become better. I will also want to appeal to our youths to remain calm when accosted by aggressive police officers; they should not provoke any argument or disagreements that could lead to open confrontation. However, I insist that trust is the common denominator to end all the worrisome circumstances.  Has anything changed in your contract with your label now that you are a brand asides an artiste? My relationship with my label is beyond just being signed as an artiste. They are my family and whatever adjustments to be done will be done in-house, as a family. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: Don’t Join Proposed Strike By Labour, FG Warns Civil Servants The Federal Government has warned civil servants not to obey the call for industrial action by labour unions. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!