Senator representing Osun Central at the National Assembly, Senator Ajibola Bashiru has called for the closure of all detention centres used by operatives of the now-disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). Senator Bashiru who doubles as the chairman, Senate Committee on Media and Public Affairs made the call on Monday via Twitter following #EndSARS protests nationwide by Nigerian youths. He noted that people have lost confidence in government institutions. “Beyond terse statement that SARS is dissolved, the police authorities must demonstrate a commitment to #EndSARS by showing evidence like the closure of the many SARS detention centres and formations. It is unfortunate that government institutions have lost the confidence of the people!” the tweet reads. Beyond terse statement that SARS is dissolved, the police authorities must demonstrate commitment to #EndSARS by showing evidence like closure of the many SARS detention centres and formations. It is unfortunate that government institutions has lost confidence of the people! — Senator Ajibola Basiru Ph.D., BL (@DrSRJ_) October 12, 2020  Recall that following the ongoing nationwide protests, the Inspector-General of Police, Adamu Mohammed disbanded the F-SARS unit nationwide and ordered its operative deployment to other police formations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… Lagos Assembly commends LASU for being number two in Nigeria SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!