The Anambra State House of Assembly has called for calm as the state governor, Willie Obiano suspends indefinitely, the 2021 budget presentation before the house over the continue #EndSARS protests by youths across the state. The Speaker of the House, Honorable Uche Okafor, who disclosed this during an emergency plenary, yesterday, in Awka, appealed to the protesters to embrace peace and allow the government authorities to attend to their agitations. He urged them while protesting to conduct themselves peacefully to facilitate prompt resolution of their demanded issues. He assured that the Anambra lawmakers under his leadership sympathised with the protesters over the Tuesday night face-off at Lekki toll Gate in Lagos State between the protesters and the security agencies. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari, for addressing the nation via the demands of the protesting youths, arguing that “nothing can be achieved in an atmosphere devoid of peace. He also advised relevant stakeholders to come to the roundtable to discuss issues involved and arrive at amicable ways of ending the rights violations completely in the country. A minute silence was also observed in honour of the falling protesters in all part of the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…Anambra lawmakers Anambra lawmakers ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest….Anambra lawmakers  Anambra lawmakers ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice….Anambra lawmakers  Anambra lawmakers NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!