Hoodlums in their large number on Saturday stormed the Plateau State warehouse in Bukuru, Jos South local government area and carted away assorted palliatives materials mostly food items. Even as the State Government denied hoarding any palliative meant for the people of the state. Sunday Tribune learnt that the hoodlums mostly youths besieged the warehouse as early as 7:00 am and forced their way in despite the presence of security men at the scene of the looting. The security men were helpless and watched as they looted the warehouse while some of the hoodlums were seen at the spot selling their loots which include rice, sugar, beans, noodles and others. Apparently reacting to the incident, the state government in a statement signed by its Commissioner of Information and Communications, Mr Daniel Majang said the items at the warehouses were delivered to the state by the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Social Development and Disaster Management for distribution to beneficiaries in Plateau State. The state government pointed out that the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouk was in Jos together with the Minister of Women Affairs Dame Paullen Tallen on the 16th October 2020 to deliver the items and had indeed brought in the personnel of the Ministry to carry out the distribution in conjunction with State officials adding that they were preparing to begin the process, the #ENDSARS protests began which put the process on hold. “Unfortunately while the team from the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Social Development and Disaster Management alongside the state representatives were waiting for the coast to clear to commence the distribution, the stores were breached and the items carted away. “The Plateau State Government, therefore, wishes to state categorically that it did not hoard any palliatives meant for the citizens of the State at any time. All the palliatives purchased by the State and those donated by private individuals were distributed equitably by the State Palliative Committee headed by His Excellency Prof. Sonni Tyoden, Deputy Governor of Plateau State” The state government posited that it would be wrong and mischievous for anyone to suggest that the State Government was hoarding food items meant for indigent citizens. It appealed to the citizens particularly the youths to continue to conduct themselves peacefully and avoid any action that could cause the breakdown of law and order. The government wishes to remind citizens that directive for the ban on protests and procession is still in force and security agencies still have the mandate to arrest and prosecute those who violate the order. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens….Hoodlums loot palliatives  Hoodlums loot palliatives ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Hoodlums loot palliatives  Hoodlums loot palliatives ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice….Hoodlums loot palliatives  Hoodlums loot palliatives NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!