A member of the Edo State House of Assembly, Mr Ephraim Aluebhosele (Igueben) has debunked the allegation that the lawmakers are under the thumb of Governor Godwin Obaseki. Aluebhosele who spoke in Benin yesterday said that it is not true that the House is a rubber stamp of the executive arm of government which readily pass bills to suit the governor. The lawmaker insisted that contrary to the opinion in some quarters that the House is docile and subservient to the executive, bills are thoroughly scrutinized before they are passed. He reminded that the executive and legislative arms of government are supposed to complement each other for the benefit of the people and not to engage in an unnecessary squabble in order to demonstrate independence. Aluebhosele said: “it is not true that the Edo State House of Assembly is a rubber stamp House. We don’t have to be confrontational to prove our independence. Executive bills are thoroughly scrutinized before they are passed. I can confidently say that we are not under the control of the executive.” ALSO READ: Lagos Assembly set up committee to assess level of damage, offer suggestions The legislator defended the recent change in the leadership of the House which led to the removal of Speaker Frank Okiye (Esan North East 1) in place of Mr Marcus Onobun (Esan West), insisting that the new speaker will make the House be more vibrant. He added: “Onobun is a very vibrant and focused man. He is focused and will no doubt make the House be more vibrant. Notwithstanding his age, we have implicit confidence in him. I have absolute confidence in him and I am sure he will lead us well.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. lawmaker The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. lawmaker Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!