THE National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has inaugurated the Local Organising Committee (LOC) for the 13th edition of the e-Nigeria conference, exhibitions and awards. Mrs Hadiza Umar, Head, Corporate Affairs and External Relations, stated this in a statement she issued in Abuja last weekend. The statement said that the conference, which is the flagship ICT event in the country, would provide the platform for creation of digital awareness, development of appropriate framework and setting of goals to ensure best practices. It added that the best practices were in order to encourage appropriate positioning of Nigeria in the global information society. It said that Mr Kashifu Inuwa, the Director-General of NITDA, while inaugurating the committee stressed that e-Nigeria was meant to be encompassing in all areas of ICT, while the impact should be felt across board. Inuwa, represented by Dr Usman Gambo, Director, Information Technology Infrastructure Solutions, said”we are planning to make this year’s event regional. “We have the opportunity to achieve this, because it is coming at a period when we have pandemic that is making virtual meetings the new normal. This will encourage participation from anywhere.” In the statement the DG advised the LOC members to ensure that they planned and executed a highly successful international event that would encourage participation all over the world. Inuwa called on the members to be innovative and open to new ideas. “Let us not constrain ourselves to the arrangements we already have, we can do things differently this year. “Introduction of new ideas that are different from conference, startup couches and master-class are welcomed. The Director, Corporate Planning and Strategy, Dr Agu Collins, said the 13th edition of the conference would be blend of both virtual and physical platforms in compliance with the protocols of COVID-19. According to him, people would be able to join the conference anywhere from the world, adding that only the speakers, facilitators, resource person and dignitaries would be physically present at the event’s venue. Collins stated that the proposed date would be from November 24 to 26, under the theme, “Towards a National Digital Transformation and Economic Sustainability in Nigeria.” He said the agency was about to develop a virtual meeting platform that could achieve that. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: Don’t Join Proposed Strike By Labour, FG Warns Civil Servants The Federal Government has warned civil servants not to obey the call for industrial action by labour unions. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!