LIFE Beer, one of the lager brands in the Nigerian Breweries stable,  is set to support over 200 businesses with a cumulative sum of over N40 million, in its newly flag-off  “Chop Life” Experience campaign. The campaign, according to the brand custodians, will see the lager brand empower consumers with cash to support their businesses, through in-bar activations that will span South Eastern cities, such as Enugu, Aba, Uyo, Warri, Onitsha, and Port Harcourt between September and October, this year. Speaking on the campaign, National Trade Marketing Manager, Nigerian Breweries Plc, Mr. Funso Ayeni, described the initiative as a way of supporting  the brand’s consumers. “We recognise that sometimes all we need is financial support to get our dreams off the ground, and help us progress. We share this sentiment, and we are humbled to have the opportunity to support businesses across the southeast,” he added. Life Lager has had a stellar year with remarkable initiatives such as its brand re-launch, as well as the widely- acclaimed lighting of the Niger Bridge, and the release of its theme song titled “Chop Life” featuring Phyno and Flavour. The initiative, which started in  September, has run through  cities, such as, Enugu, Ikom, Makurdi, Port Harcourt, Onitsha, Aba and Warri, with plans to proceed to Owerri, Fegge, Oji, Otukpo, Asaba, Nkpor, Okigwe, Agbani, Aba, Nsukka, Festac and Nnewi  in the coming weeks. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. #OndoDecides2020: Pandemonium In Akure Polling Unit As Gunmen Disrupt Voting Pandemonium erupted in Akure on Saturday morning, as gun-wielding men suspected to be political thugs invaded a polling unit located at unit 4, ward 4, Ijomu/Obanla, in Akure South Local Government Area of the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!