I have had some rashes and pimples in the hair at the back of my head for the past few weeks. The doctor I saw said it was a form of fungal infection. However, despite all efforts, the growth has continued to increase in size. Kindly advise me on what to do. Bello (by SMS) Fungal infections particularly those affecting the hair are usually very stubborn to manage. Therefore, you will need to a combination of antifungal creams, and oral antibiotics which you may have to take for some months. In addition, anti-itch creams and warm towels can also help to sooth the irritated skin and decrease discomfort. Deeper infections, like boils and carbuncles, may have to be drained by a doctor. It will also be helpful to soften the hair with hot water before shaving with an electric razor instead of a traditional razor blade. Shaving should also be done every other day instead of on a daily basis in order to reduce the irritation on the hair.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!