In an effort to know the wage bill and the workforce in judiciary and Judicial Service Commission, the acting Chief Judge of Kogi State, Justice Henry Olusiyi has inaugurated Special Staff Verification Committee to investigate the number of workforces and the monthly wage bill of the judiciary in the state. Justice Olusiyi while inaugurating the committee on Friday, lamented that some judicial workers don’t come to work yet they are in the payroll of the judiciary. He warned that he will not condoles laziness among his staff while others are working some tend to stay away from work and at the end of the month, they received a salary. He also said all appointment letter issued from January 2020 up to date must be investigated by the special committee and determined whether or not there was proper authorization for such appointments. ALSO READ: Streets deserted as soldiers enforce 48-hour curfew in Delta He added that the committee should investigate the actual monthly wage bill of the High court and the Judicial Service Commission respectively. Justice Olusiyi noted that the committee should also investigate and determined whether the salary scales adopted in the two establishments are proper and appropriate. The Special Staff Verification Committee is headed by Alhaji Ibrahim Alhassan as chairman, Mr Samuel Atsumbe member and secretary and Mr Paul Egwu also as a member. He gave the special committee 14 days to submits their report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!