Justice Kamorudeen Olawoyin of the Oyo State High Court sitting in Ibadan, on Monday, gave a restraining order restricting the family members of the late Temitope Anthony Sugar, who until his death was a member of the House of Representatives from intermeddling, selling and dealing with his properties. Late Sugar who represented Lagelu/Akinyele Federal Constituency member of House of Representative, was assassinated on March 9, 2019, during the gubernatorial and House of Assembly election at Lalupon area of Ibadan, Oyo State. The court also ordered the late Sugar’s family, their agents, privies, servants, employees and workman from ejecting, selling, offering for sale, disposing or dealing adversely with his residential apartments or any parts thereof. Justice Olawoyin made the order while ruling on an ex parte application filed by the children of late Sugar and his siblings, Prince Yinka Olatoye and Gabriel Oladutun Olatoye. The children:  Bukola, Timileyin, Semilogo, Ireyimika, Boluwatife, Ayomide and Ifeoluwa, who are all minors, filed the suit through their guardian and administrator to their late father’s estate. The court granted the order after the children’s counsel, Dr Babatunde Oni, argued and moved the ex parte application and affidavit in support in a suit delineated I/936/2020. Late Sugar’s properties which the restraining order covers include a Toyota Landcruiser jeep valued at N45 million; a House at Osiele Abeokuta; six 18-seater buses; two ‘Molue’ buses; sum of N680, 000, 00, donation from the Oyo State House of Assembly members to the claimants, the sum of N10 million cash handed over to the respondents by the police being the sum found in late Sugar’s Corolla car on the day he was assassinated and the sum of N5 million, kept in his house at No 1, Soyemi Street, New Bodija, Ibadan. Others include several acres of land at Iyana Olore, opposite proposed IGEM University in Ibadan; a storey building at No. 8 off Soyemi Street, off Salami Road, New Bodija, lbadan; two sets of bungalows at Soyemi Street, Bodija Ibadan; Hon. Sugar shopping complex beside Stanbic Bank, lyana Church, Ibadan valued at N30 million; a property at No. 1, Everlasting Link Road under bridge, lwo Road, Ojoo Expressway, General Gas, lbadan, valued at N50 million; a property at No. 4, Forest Street, Kolapo lshola, GRA, lbadan, Oyo State valued at N8 million; a property at No. 7 Adosonia Street, Alalubosa, GRA, Ibadan, valued at N7 million and a plot of land at Maitama 2, Makpe, Abuja. The judge held that the restraining orders will remain valid till the hearing and determination of the substantive suit filed by late Sugar’s children against the respondents. Hearing of the substantive suit has been fixed for October 12, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!