Fierce looking armed security men on Saturday took a position at various junctions, roundabouts as well as all critical public infrastructure, including courts in Asaba, Delta State to forestall further lawlessness occasioned by #EndSARS protests. This followed a failed attempt by suspected hoodlums to break into the multi-billion naira Delta State Event Centre in search of COVID-19 palliative warehouse in Asaba. The hoodlums who thought that palliatives donated by the Coalition Against COVID-19 (CA-COVID) were stored at the magnificent event were however repelled by security agents. Reacting to the action of the hoodlums searching for palliative warehouse in Asaba, the state Commissioner for Information, Charles Aniagwu,  said the state had fully distributed the palliatives as at mid-September. Meanwhile, the 48-hour curfew imposed in the state on Thursday as a result of ENDSARS protests culminating in wanton destruction of public infrastructure has been reviewed. According to the state governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa,  the curfew would now hold from 6pm to 8am till further notice. He said: “This morning (Saturday), I received a comprehensive briefing on the security situation across Delta State from the three service commanders. “Having analyzed the situation critically, I wish to thank all Deltans, particularly our youths, for complying with the curfew that was imposed two days ago. “The current 48-hour curfew will expire by 6pm Saturday, October 24, 2020. ALSO READ: Delta NUJ kicks as policemen allegedly beat up journalist “However, from this evening, the curfew will be in effect from 6pm to 8am till further notice. “From Sunday, October 25, people are free to move around and go about their regular activities during the day. “I urge all the citizens and residents of our great state, Delta, to please remain calm, vigilant and law abiding at all times,” the governor said YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt Lists 24 Policemen Under Criminal Prosecution Lagos State government has unveiled a list of 21 ongoing cases where its officers are currently prosecuting criminal cases against erring policemen that trampled on the fundamental human rights of Lagosians. The State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), made this known in a release made available from his… Stolen Rice From Lagos Warehouse Not From Humanitarian Ministry ― Authorities Authorities of Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on Friday affirmed that the consignment of stolen rice from a Lagos warehouse was not the Ministry. Special Adviser on Media to the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development… Why Nigeria Can’t Live In Peace ―Femi Adesina Presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina has spoken on the recent violence in Nigeria, opining that the reason Nigeria has not experienced peace is due to hatred. In a statement he released on Thursday, ‘If Nigeria dies, hatred killed her,’ President Buhari’s Special Adviser, Media and Publicity… We Have Received Allegation Of Shooting Of Protesters In Nigeria, Says International Criminal Court The International Criminal Court on Thursday spoke on the Tuesday’s shooting of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos State, saying it has received information about the incident. The shooting has attracted global outrage against the Nigerian authorities. The number of deaths from the incident is yet to be…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!