Following an alleged domestic abuse involving rapper Sanmi Goriola Wasiu, popularly known as Lil Frosh against his estranged girlfriend and model, Gift, the singer’s contract with Davido Music Worldwide (DMW) has been terminated. Lil Frosh had been alleged to have beaten Gift to stupor on Monday after Gift’s manager and brother, Michael took to Twitter to release pictures of Gift’s swollen face and called out the singer, accusing him of abusing his sister several times. Davido in a statement released on his Twitter account on Tuesday said his record label does not condone violence against women in any form and would not support such behaviour from the singer signed to his label. The statement read in parts: “In light of recent allegations made against Mr Sanni Goriola Wasiu, also known as Lil Frosh, we would like to state that as a record label, domestic violence is not a trivial matter and we will never support or condone such behaviour. “Upon internal investigation carried out by the label, we are left with no option than to terminate the recording contract that exists between the label and Lil Frosh immediately. We hereby severe all affiliations with Mr Sanmi Goriola Wasiu, popularly known as Lil Frosh”, the statement read. Don’t Ignore Calls For Restructuring, Awolowo Dosumu Counsels FG Former Nigerian Ambassador to the Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, has admonished the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government not to ignore calls for a restructuring…Domestic abuse allegation  Domestic abuse allegation Woman, Two Others Share Nobel Prize In Physics The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics. While one half was awarded to Roger Penrose the other half was jointly awarded to Reinhard Genzel…Domestic abuse allegation Domestic abuse allegation FG Planning More COVID-19 Palliatives For Nigerians ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government is working on providing more palliatives to relive the pains of the COVID-19 pandemic on citizens…Domestic abuse allegation NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!