Provision of infrastructure has always raised the standard of living of people in any society and the administration of Ifeanyi Okowa in Delta State has always taken this aspect seriously. However, given the hardship people are facing in moving from Ibusa to Asaba in the state, there is the need for Governor Okowa to consider a people-friendly project in due course. In fact, the Okowa administration must give the construction of a flyover interchange at Ibusa-Asaba junction popularly known as (Coker junction) a priority. It is worrisome but I must draw the attention of Delta State government to the cases of road accidents and incessant killing of the citizenry along Ibusa-Asaba through Onitsha ever busy expressway. So, I’m using this forum to appeal to Okowa to act fast, and protect the lives of the citizenry by embarking on this project, which I believe would be a good legacy in the history of governance in Delta State. The governor should borrow a leaf from sister state, Edo, with the construction of Benin bypass; Ogun State at (Ijebu Ode junction) and Ondo State at the popular Ore junction where flyover interchanges were constructed to protect the lives of the citizenry. The ‘Coker junction deserves a flyover on the busy highway that leads to the South-East and South-South zones, and serves as a gateway to other parts of Delta State to Asaba, the capital city, Ibusa, Ogwashi, Ughelli, Warri and Benin City. Chris Nzekea Ibadan  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!