Fourteen years after the last review, Nigeria’s House of Representatives Committee on Aviation will on Tuesday, October 20, begin a process of amending the Civil  Aviation Acts 2006 with a three-day public hearing on the six Executive Bills brought to the National Assembly. The Bills are seeking to amend certain aspects of the Acts establishing the six agencies being superintended by the Ministry of Aviation. The agencies are: the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, (NCAA), Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria, (FAAN) and the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency, (NAMA). Other agencies are: the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology, (NCAT) Zaria, Accident Investigation Bureau, (AIB) and the Nigerian Meteorological Agency, (NIMET). The Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji noted that the aviation as a dynamic industry required constant review of their enabling status to ensure that the country keeps to standard. “I understand that the last review was done about fourteen years ago (2006) and l can tell you that within this period, a lot of changes have happened globally and this must have necessitated the proposed review from the Executive arm”, Nnaji declared. Nnaji therefore, appealed to the critical stakeholders and the members of the public especially the frequent air travelers/ aviation community to make time to either attend or send well articulated memoranda that will guide the legislators in amending the Acts. Such according to him would engender robust debate and discussions that will at the end of the day prepare grounds for qualitative amendment Bills that will reposition the country’s air transport sector for a greater future. He also appealed to the media partners to give the process effective coverage to stimulate public interest towards the amendment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!