The 14-year-old marriage between a couple, Tajudeen Aliu and Oluwaseun Adedayo, has been dissolved by Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Tajudeen had approached the court begging that it ends his union with his wife. The plaintiff mentioned irresponsibility and constant fight as his reasons for taking the step. Tajudeen added that Oluwaseun aside having no shame, was violent. According to him, she spends their children’s school fees on shoes and jewelry. He added that she would strip herself naked and rain curses on him after which she would fight him with dangerous objects. The plaintiff entreated the court, if his prayer was answered, to grant him custody of their two children who are male so that he could bring them up as men. Oluwaseun did not turn up in court after being served court summonses thrice. Tajudeen while giving his testimony said: “Oluwaseun’s behaviour brings me pain. She makes me remember and grief over the death of my first wife, who died during a caesarian operation. “Oluwaseun derives pleasure fighting me and will soon kill me, which was my reason for coming to court. “We have been moving from one house to another because of her troublesome nature. “My wife fights me at every given opportunity. She would strip herself naked and rain curses on me. “She will then go for a broken bottle or draw a knife at me. I always flee the home anytime she’s in this state because she could make her threat real. “My wife not only fights me. She once beat our landlord’s wife to a pulp which made our belongings to be thrown out of our apartment,” the plaintiff said. “My wife is stubborn and domineering in nature. She loves to have her way always. “On one of the few occasions I insisted on having my way, she attempted to commit suicide. “Oluwaseun refused to practice my religion which is Islam.  She invited Christian clerics during our children’s naming ceremonies and she gave them Christian names. “My wife cares less about our children’s education. Any time I give her their school fees to pay, she would spend it on shoes, bags and jewelry. “She has her room stacked with clothes and shoes worth enough for two to establish a businesses. “We were separated for a while and I was transferred to Lagos but she refused that I had peace. She would come to embarrass and fight me in the office. “My boss mediated in our differences and she came back to me. “My lord, my wife and I fought throughout the night of the first day she spent with me. “We have been married for 14 years, but she has refused to meet my parents. Any time I raise this issue, she would wave it off,” Tajudeen explained. “My lord, I request that this court separates us and grant me custody of our two children who are male. I want to raise them like men. “I also appeal to the court to restrain Oluwaseun from coming to embarrass or fight me at my place of residence or work place. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, stated that the defendant had shown she was no longer interested in their union since she refused to come to court after being served three summonses. Ruling, Odunade pronounced their marriage dissolved and granted custody of their two sons to the plaintiff. Both parties were advised to maintain peace. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!