THE Nigeria Police Force (NPF) is to kick start the recently created Special Weapons and Tactics Teams (SWAT) Unit with 1,850 operatives in the states of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory FCT Abuja any time from now, a credible source at the Force Headquarters, revealed this to Tribune Online. The source said that already, Commissioners of Police in the 36 States and the Federal Capital Territory, (FCT) Command have been directed to submit 50 names of personnel per state for the scheme. The source further revealed that the CPs were strictly advised that no former member of the defunct SARS should be included on the list and that “the nominees should not have any pending or decided disciplinary case (s) and must be of impeccable character.” A letter with reference number CB:4770/YBS/ SHQ /SUB.1/89 dated 14 October, 2020 and signed by the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Admin) in Yobe State directed Police Area Commanders, Divisional Police officers and Officers in-charge to release the affected officers serving in their formations. The letter titled: “Training of Nigeria Police Special Weapons and Tactics  Teams (SWAT) to replace the disbanded Special AntiRobbery Squad (SARS),” says: “The Commissioner of Police warn and release the affected officers serving in your formations/Divisions to report at SHQ Damaturu on Friday 16 October, 2020 by 0800hrs prompt for CP’s briefing.” On the document were 50 names of police officers made up of two Chief Superintendents of Police (CSPs), two Superintendents of Police, four Deputy Superintendents of Police (DS P), five Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASP), three Inspectors, 30 sergeants and four corporals. The source said that all necessary arrangements had been concluded to ensure the immediate take-off of the training and formal launching of the new Security outfit by the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu Though efforts to get the reaction of the Force Public Relations Officer, FPRO, Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner of Police DCP, over the development proved abortive, however another Senior Police Officer at the Force Headquarters in Abuja confirmed the story. According to him, “yes, we are commencing the training  of SWAT Operatives anytime from now, each State Police Command and the FCT has been mandated to submit 50 names for the take-off of the pilot scheme, we are good to go now.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.