The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has written the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, to urgently intervene in the brewing crisis in the tertiary institutions.over the implementation of the Integrated Payroll Personnel Information System (IPPIS) and other industrial concerns in the nation’s ivory towers. In the letter with reference number: NLC/NS/A.42 and signed by the President of NLC, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, the congress warned of serious industrial crisis in the institutions by all the trade unions if the issue is not quickly resolved. Wabba said: “We may not be able to guarantee industrial harmony in all our tertiary institutions if the foregoing concerns are not attended to and resolved immediately.” The NLC president declared that the unions involved were those who had earlier accepted and keyed into the IPPIS platform, but now encounter a series of unresolved problems in the payment of their salaries. He said: “Owing to the difficulties occasioned by the implementation of the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Integrated System being encountered by workers, including those belonging to our affiliate unions in the tertiary education sub-sector which had earlier accepted the IPPIS platform, the Nigeria Labour Congress hosted a meeting of the leadership of all the affected industrial unions.” The unions involved include: the Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU); Senior Staff Association of Nigeria Universities (SSANU); Senior Staff Association of Polytechnics (SSANIP); Senior Staff Union of in Colleges of Education, Nigeria (SSUCOEN); National Association of Academic Technologist (NAAT); Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP); and the Colleges of Education Academic Staff Union (COEASU). He highlighted the major concerns of the workers and their affiliate unions; which include challenges associated with payment of salaries such as delay in the payment; and non-remittance of statutory deductions such as taxes, national housing fund, contributory pension and union dues. It also includes: non-remittance of non-statutory deductions such as staff cooperatives; non-payment of consequential minimum wage adjustment arrears; stoppage of the payment of sabbatical allowance and many others. As a way out, Wabba called on the minister to ensure that an urgent stakeholders’ meeting of all relevant ministries and the affected trade unions be convened immediately to resolve the challenges associated with the implementation of the IPPIS. He also demanded that urgent steps be taken to address other non-IPPIS issues of conditions of service of workers in the tertiary education sub-sector.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.