The management of the National Pilot newspaper, owned by Senator Bukola Saraki, has described the attack on the newspaper office as politically motivated. In a statement by the management of the newspaper, signed by its editor-in-chief, Alhaji Billy Adedamola, he said that “if the motive of the attackers was to silence, cow and intimidate us from doing our job, they have already failed as this incident will further spur us to continue to publish based on our motto of “Quest for Truth and Justice” always. According to the statement, “On Friday at about 7:00 pm, the Corporate Head Office of National Pilot Newspaper, located along Asa Dam Road, Ilorin, Kwara State was attacked by rampaging hoodlums under the guise of the EndSARS protest. “The incident happened shortly after the newspaper’s Editor-in-Chief, Alhaji Billy Adedamola drove staff of the establishment out of the office at about 6.30 pm when the momentum was building and the threat of attack became apparent. “The assailants who had set up heavy bonfires at the frontage of the office came with gallons of fuel and other dangerous weapons and attempted to raze the place down. Some of them who tried to gain entrance through the back fence were however prevented by some tricycles and commercial motorcycle riders who used the place as their park. “Although no staff was hurt during the incident, the hoodlums destroyed windows, furniture, gates and security lights carting away some properties in the process. “However, we believe this attack was politically motivated given the ownership of National Pilot and the fact that it was the only media house so targeted for attack by the hoodlums. “But, if the motive of the attackers was to silence, cowed and intimidate us from doing our job, they have already failed as this incident will further spur us to continue to publish based on our motto of “Quest for Truth and Justice” always. “While we call on the security agencies to fish out perpetrators of this condemnable act of brigandage on free press, we are moved by the outpouring of solidarity messages from our readers within and outside the country, eminent Kwarans, the Kwara State Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), the media and other bodies and personalities who stood in solidarity with us to condemn this act.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace.  Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!