Law Students’ Association of Nigeria (LAWSAN) has called on the federal government to sack the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu over the killing of armless civilians during the #EndSARS protest across the country. National President, Law Students’ Association of Nigeria (LAWSAN) President, Blessing Abumere said this in an ongoing press conference in Abuja issuing 24 hours to the National Assembly and President, Muhammadu Buhari to effect the sack of the IGP. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Protesters block Oyo secretariat main gates The association made particular reference to one of her members whom it said was molested and raped by policemen. “The crescendo to the End SARS protest was the arrest, detention, molestation, intimidation humiliation, dehumanization and rape of Treasure Ndyka, a student of the Nigerian Law School, Abuja campus. The treasure was arrested in Ojuelegba, Lagos along with very many other Nigerians across the Nation. “Although most of those arrested have been released, many lives have been lost,” he stated. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. LAWSAN The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19. Ogbonnaya who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kano, said as a result of the coronavirus raving the world, no business has been moving. Constitution amendment: Send your position to the committee, Senate replies NEF The Senate on Monday responded to the claim by the Northern Elders Forum that the proposed amendment of the 1999 Constitution was needless. The NEF in a communique issued at the weekend and signed by its Secretary, Dr Hakeem Baba -Ahmed dismissed the move by the Senate as mere jamboree to waste taxpayers money. Constitution amendment: Send your position to the committee, Senate replies NEF  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!