KOGI State Independent Electoral Commission (KOSIEC) has directed political parties contesting the forthcoming local government election to start collecting nomination forms for their candidates. The commission, in a statement in Lokoja on Thursday, said that the collection and submission of the nomination forms would be on from Oct. 15 to Oct. 19. The electoral body, in the statement signed by Alhaji Yakubu Chogudo, the Commissioner in charge of media and publicity, called on political parties to adhere strictly to the election timetable earlier released by KOSIEC. It said that delay or lateness in collection or submission of forms would not be entertained. The state has fixed Dec. 12 for the conduct of the local government election in all its 21 council areas. ALSO READ: Makinde’s mum died without any sign of sickness ― Family The statement also quoted the Chairman of the commission, Mr Mamman Eri, as lauding political parties in the state for the peaceful conduct of their primaries. “He pleaded with all political parties to continue to maintain peace and order before, during and after the forthcoming local government election,” the statement said. The Chairman promised that the commission would conduct a transparent, free and fair local government election, urging other stakeholders to be cooperative. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest. KOSIEC  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. KOSIEC His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness. KOSIEC  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!