The Niger Government on Friday urged the Anti-Drug Consumption and Crime Control (ADC), a private security outfit in the state, to complement the efforts of security agencies in riding the state of criminals. Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger State gave the charge when he received members of ADC, led by its Commander, Abdulmumini Ami, at the Government House in Minna. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ADC was established in 2013 in partnership with the state government to support security agencies to reduce drug abuse and other crimes. Bello, who was represented by his Chief of Staff, Alhaji Balarabe Ibrahim, commended the organisation for complementing government’s efforts toward ensuring peace and order in the state. He noted that the proactive efforts of the ADC had resulted in a reduction in crime within Minna metropolis. The governor further charged the organisation to assist in fishing out suspected criminals terrorising the state and hand them over to appropriate security agencies. “Government appreciates what you are doing in ensuring peace in the state and I pray the relationship between you and government will wax stronger,’’ he said. The governor also noted that the ADC complemented government efforts during the #EndSars protests in the state and expressed the desire to continue with the partnership. He announced the donation of a bus to the outfit but urged it to operate within the limits of the law. Responding, Ami thanked the state government for the bus and pledged to continue to support the government in reducing crimes in the state. He said that ADC, security outfit was working hand in hand with relevant security agencies, especially the police, in tackling criminal elements. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE security outfit Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. security outfit SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.