The Adamawa State government has imposed a dusk-to-dawn curfew throughout the state to curtail the looting of warehouses that began Sunday morning in some locations in the state capital. Governor Ahmadu Fintiri made the declaration at a state-wide broadcast on Sunday. He said: “I have declared and imposed an indefinite dusk-to-dawn curfew throughout the State beginning from 3 o’clock Sunday the 25th of October 2020. “Movement by all manner of vehicles except as authorized is hereby prohibited as the curfew comes into effect. “As a responsible government, we shall do everything within our powers to protect the lives of every citizen and will not brook any lawlessness within our boundaries,” the governor said. Fintiri said that the decision became imperative following the activities of “some misguided elements” who have broken into warehouses owned by the state government and carted away COVID-19 palliatives. “While this government respects the rights of the citizens to seek redress, it is not blind to the fact that there is a civilized and responsible way of channelling genuine grievances. “As a responsible government, we shall do everything within our powers to protect the lives of every citizen and will not brook any lawlessness within our boundaries. “I charge every citizen to remain calm as we navigate this current situation,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!