The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate in the ongoing governorship election in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede, SAN, on Saturday condemned the conducts of the policemen drafted to maintain peace and orderliness at the various polling units during the election. Jegede gave the knocks while reacting to the lackadaisical attitudes of the policemen while some persons were committing electoral infractions with impunity. According to him, while the voters displayed a high level of civility, same could not be said of the policemen, whom he accused of doing nothing while infractions were being committed under their watch. “I will rather talk first about the voters. The voters have been orderly, they have been peaceful; they have been conducting themselves very well. On the party of the security agencies, I must say I am disappointed at some of the officers there, a little bit disappointed. Because you have an officer standing directly behind the person casting his vote and you have them giving allowance to persons who should not be there, giving signals to some people in their presence, until I protested,” he noted. The senior legal practitioner equally faulted INEC and decried a situation whereby his voter’s card and that of his wife could not pass through the card reader and they had to wait for the malfunctioned card to be rectified before voting. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #OndoDecides2020: I Have Not Withdrawn, Says Agboola A document titled “Withdrawal from Ondo 2020 gubernatorial race” making the rounds that Mr Agboola Ajayi, the deputy governor and candidate of the Zenith Labour Party(ZLP) in the ongoing Ondo gubernatorial election has stepped down is fake and should be disregarded. Jegede, knocks police conduct #OndoDecides2020: Pandemonium In Akure Polling Unit As Gunmen Disrupt Voting Pandemonium erupted in Akure on Saturday morning, as gun-wielding men suspected to be political thugs invaded a polling unit located at unit 4, ward 4, Ijomu/Obanla, in Akure South Local Government Area of the state. Jegede, knocks police conduct SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!