President Muhammadu Buhari commiserated with Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State and his entire family over the passing of the governor’s mother, Mrs Abigail Makinde. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Thursday said the President sent condolences to friends, family and associates of the matriarch, “whose testimony of love and kind-heartedness continues to be shared, particularly her warmth to the poor and less privileged.” President Buhari urged friends and family members to find solace in the good works of the governor’s mother, who invested heavily in fear of God, love and hard work, and ensured her children and grandchildren followed same training of diligence, discipline and charity. The President prayed that the Almighty God will receive the soul of the departed, and comfort the family. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!