Yobe State governor and chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/ Extraordinary National National Convention Committee, Mallam Mai Mala Buni has said he was determined to ensure that more chieftains of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) defect to the ruling party. He made the disclosure on Tuesday while inaugurating Reconciliation and Election Committee for Bayelsa Central and West senatorial districts, respectively. Governor Buni who assumed office as interim national chairman of the APC last June following the dissolution of the party National Working Committee (NWC) led by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole said the return of the immediate Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, former national chairman of the PDP, Senator Barnabas Gemade and few others remained the greatest achievement of his leadership. He further revealed that his leadership has since opened communication with certain chieftains of the main opposition party who have since promised to swell the rank of the ruling party. The Yobe State governor also disclosed that his team has successfully achieved reconciliation in eleven of its states chapters. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests He said: “You will all recall the ugly and unfortunate incidences that bedevilled our party which threatened its existence and resulted in the dissolution of the National Working Committee and, the emergence of the Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Committee which I am opportune to the chair. I am glad to state that, the committee upon assumption of office engaged in genuine reconciliation to rebuild people’s confidence, trust and hope in the party. “Let me say with all sense of appreciation and fulfilment that the committee had in the last three months reconciled life-threatening challenges for the party in 11 states across the country. Today, we proudly parade political heavyweights like the former Speaker of the House of Representatives Hon. Yakubu Dogara, Former PDP National Chairman, Senator Barnabas Gemade, several members of the national assembly, Chief Jimoh Ibrahim, former Head of Service of the Federation, Mr Danladi Kifasi, Sen. Isa Hamma Misau, Alhaji Salisu Takai and several others while, many others have also indicated interests to join the party. This was possible with the support the committee is enjoying from the stakeholders as we continue to move the party away from unnecessary wrangling, squabbles and disputes.” Governor Buni tasked the 11-member committee led by Gombe State governor, Alhaji Mohammad Inuwa Yahaya to ensure genuine reconciliation ahead of the election in the South-South state. “Your Excellency the chairman and distinguished members of the committee, your assignment falls within the mandate of providing genuine reconciliation to give every party member in Bayelsa State, a true sense of belonging. You should therefore be just, fair, transparent and objective in executing your assignment. We should always place party interests over and above personal interests and carry everyone on board for us to succeed. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu “Similarly, your committee is mandated to mobilize, strategize and deliver Bayelsa Central and West Senatorial districts to the party. Our success in this election is very crucial and strategic because of the need to have more supporting hands in the national assembly for improved collaboration and synergy with the President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR administration to successfully execute its policies and programmes to improve the lives of Nigerians. “It has become imperative for us as the leading political party in Nigeria to build a virile, strong, vibrant and more united APC that would serve beyond, two, three, four or even five terms of office to ensure continuity and consolidation of the gains the party has achieved. This remains the surest way to fully actualize our manifesto and improve the lives of Nigerians. “We must not allow the good foundation laid by the President Muhammadu Buhari government to be wasted and for Nigeria to be taken back to the dark ages. “I am proud to say that this rich cream of distinguished personalities serving on this committee were carefully and deliberately selected for these assignments because, the party has a lot of confidence in your individual and collective capacities to execute the assignments successfully. The party is confident that you will reconcile all aggrieved persons or groups, and deliver the two seats to APC and improve its fortune in the South-South and Nigeria.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!