After two consecutive days of #EndSARS protests and the attendant loss of lives, normalcy has returned to Ogbomoso, Oyo State. Violence, apprehension had enveloped the town after one Isiaka Jimoh was hit by bullets from a yet-to-be-named police officer, last Saturday when #ENDSARS protesters made attempts to gain access to Owode police station in Ogbomoso. The clash between the police and residents claimed Isiaka’s life on Saturday while another clash on Sunday saw two more persons felled by bullets, while a total of eight persons were injured. Sunday’s clash stemmed from the displeasure of the residents at the police’s statement that it only used teargas to disperse the people on Saturday and did not shoot anyone. Irate at developments in the town, the residents had also vented their anger with an attack on the palace of the Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Oladunni Oyewumi. However, deployment of men of the state Joint Security Task Force known as Operation Burst by the state government and a meeting involving local government Chairpersons in Ogbomoso zone and security agencies has calmed the situation. After a series of meetings involving various stakeholders on Sunday and Monday morning, town criers went around town to assure residents that the situation had been calmed. On Monday, men of Operation Burst were seen stationed strategically around the town, while residents went about their usual duties. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. Normalcy returns to Ogbomoso BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. Normalcy returns to Ogbomoso SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!