South Africa’s long distance runner Elroy Gelant had to pull out of the London Marathon last week due to injury-related pain. The 34-year-old Potchefstroom-based marathon runner decided to abort his participation in the event at the 16-kilometer mark due to severe back pain. The Boxer running club star blamed his UK performance on lack of time to prepare for the event. In particular, he highlighted that South Africa’s covid-19 lockdown, which started in late March, made things difficult for professional athletes. Gelant said that while he kept his supplement regimen up, he found it hard to “take to the streets” to keep himself in shape. According to information from experts at SupplementNation, aside from regular training sessions, it is crucial that athletes fuel their bodies with minerals such as zinc, calcium, and iron, as well as vitamins B, C, D, and E. “It was a tough day for me. I went into the race with back pains and told myself that I would be able to go through with the race. But it got severe and it affected my right leg,” said Gelant. “On Saturday, the medical team took me to the hospital to get injections. I stayed for a day and they booked me into the theater to see if they could relieve the pain. But the problem was still affecting my body. At the 15km mark the pain was there, and it got too severe. At 15km and 16km I knew that I could not take any more pain for the next 26km,” he continued. Gelant, who finished fourth at the Sanlam Cape Town marathon last year said that he will not compete in this year’s event in South Africa on October 18. “I thought that the things I took in the hospital and the treatment they gave could delay the pain. It is difficult to process this when thinking of the athletes and coaches that assisted me with this. I apologize to everyone that I let down,” Gelant added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Maintain Buhari, Osinbajo With N12.3 Billion In 2021 DESPITE paucity of funds leading to plans by the Federal Government to borrow additional N4.2 trillion in 2021, both  President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have asked the National Assembly to approve N3.227  billion for them to travel during… MONDAY LINES: The End Of SARS YOU know if I shoot you, nothing will happen. The highest anyone will do is cry justice on Twitter,” Lagos-based entrepreneur Samuel Otigba told CNN that he got that threat live and direct from a SARS operative. He said his offence was his refusal to pay bribe to the officers… 5 Things To Know About The Dissolution Of SARS — Police he Nigerian Police Force(NPF) have bowed to the pressure and demand of Nigerians to ban a unit of the force, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) on Sunday. Recall that protests from youth have been ongoing across the states of the country and Nigerians in diaspora have also joined in the struggle to end the police unit… Amnesty International Demands Prosecution Of Officers Involved In Extrajudicial Killings, Human Rights Abuse As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights… SARS Has Outlived Its Usefulness, Lasting Solution Must Be Found ― Pastor Bakare Pastor Tunde Bakare, the presiding pastor of Citadel Global Community Church, formerly called Latter Rain Assembly, on Sunday said SARS, an arm of Nigeria police created to combat armed robbery incidents in the country has outlived its usefulness, declaring that a lasting solution must be found towards a more holistic and fundamental… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!