The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. Ambassador Ahmad Nuhu Bamalli is a direct descendant of Mallam Musa Bamalli, the flag-bearer and first Fulani Emir of Zazzau who ruled from 1804 to 1821. His father, H.E. Nuhu Bamalli, held the position of Magajin Gari – the second most important princely title in the Zazzau Emirate – for 40 years. Alhaji Bamalli is the first emir from the Mallawa ruling house in 100 years following the demise in 1920 of his grandfather, Emir Dan Sidi. Mallam Ahmad Nuhu Bamalli acted in the capacity of Magajin Gari, representing his father in public functions for twenty years. He was officially appointed to the position in 2001, following his father’s passing. From his mother’s side, he is a direct descendant of the Islamic Scholar and founder of the Fulani empire, Usman Danfodio. His mother is the daughter of Abdulrahman Dikko, and the great-granddaughter of Sultan Aliyu Babba and Sultan Muhammadu Bello, as well as Shehu Usman Danfodio. He is currently the leader of the Mallawa dynasty. Born in 1966, Alhaji Bamali studied Law at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. He holds a Masters degree in International Relations and Diplomacy and a Diploma in organisational leadership from Oxford University, UK. He is also a fellow on conflict resolution of the University of York, United Kingdom. The state governor, Malam Nasir, el-Rufai, while congratulating the new traditional ruler on his appointment, wished him a successful and peaceful reign. Details later……… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!