Hundreds of #EndSARS protesters mainly youths who thronged out en-masse on Thursday mobilized against the convener of #RevolutionNow, Omoyele Sowore during the peaceful protest which took place at the National Assembly main entrance, which shared boundary with Federal Secretariat. The protesters, who converged at the Unity Fountain beside the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, displayed various placards with the inscriptions #EndSARS, chanted solidarity songs to vent their views. On sighting Sowore, the protesters who dressed in black attires chanted: “We don’t want, we don’t want, we don’t want,” consistently, and was later persuaded to leave the scene to avoid being mobbed by the youth. In the bid to forestall breakdown of law and order at the National Assembly, the security operatives deployed to curtail the excesses of the protesters locked the main gates leading to the National Assembly complex. A split of the protesters was also deployed to demonstrate at the major roads leading to the State House, Department of State Security (DSS) headquarters, the office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (oSGF) and National Assembly on Thursday.  On arrival at the SGF gate, the security officers on sighting the protesters hurriedly locked the gate to prevent inflow and exit of vehicles into the oSGF and National Assembly complex. A handful of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) were also seen patrolling the protest area and giving intelligence report to their superiors. Some of the protesters were seen conveying packs of snacks, fruit juice and soft drinks. While some of the protesters accosted motorists who plied the route to Federal Secretariat, others sat and lie down on the dual carriageway thereby preventing the free flow of vehicles. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!