With a heavy heart and clouded eyes full of tears, I remember what we recited during the days we schooled, this is the Nigerian pledge, with no doubts the Nigerian anthem as well. Right now, I am compelled to write about the Nigerian pledge, something I believe we all say and to my understanding it’s an oath except I’m confused and if I am please, understand I write with a heavy heart and eyes clouded with tears not of joy but of pain, because of the unarmed youths of our country Nigeria who were shot at on the 20th of October 2020 for asking for a better Nigeria, simply turning the flag, a pride of honour, held in their hands as a sign of solidarity from Green White Green to Green Red Green, a river of Blood! My message here, is a mark of respect and honour to these youths for showing courage, love and respect even in the face of death, to a country, our country Nigeria the giant of Africa. I plead we all come together to unite in peace and harmony for a better tomorrow and for a greater country which is what they asked for and is never to much to demand, without forgetting the true meaning of our pledge, which is what I stand for and will continuously keep me going. In all of this, I also pay a mark of respect to those who were injured on the scene and also to others who stood still as a mark of courage, what more can I say but to have conviction in my heart that our Youth’s Fallen Heroes were stars, now shining bright like diamonds from the sky above. Your legacy of courage will never be forgotten or taken for granted. Nigeria first! God bless the people of Nigeria, may God bless the president of the Federal republic of Nigeria. Peace Ambassador Taiwo Thompson Ilupeju, Lagos, 0803 414 4255. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.