AN Ibadan-based educationist, Dr Isaac Friday Ogada, has appealed to the Oyo State governor, Engr. Seyi  Makinde to being extend to staff, pupils and owners of private schools the COVID-19 palliatives being distributed to civil servants and artisans to cushion the effects of the pandemic. In a press release, Dr Ogada pointed out that owners and teachers of private schools were most hit by the COVID-19 pandemic, and therefore deserved palliatives like other members of the society. He revealed that many private schools had been closed down as their owners were unable to pay staff salaries. “It’s sad that private schools are not considered for COVID-19 palliatives, despite the fact that we are the most hit.  We, owners, were not given assistance in terms of loans and grants. And there were no salaries for our teachers during the lockdown. Yet, government didn’t do anything to ameliorate our sufferings,” Dr Ogada lamented. While stressing that private schools proprietors were major contributors to the development of the economy and education in the state, the educationist urged the state government to see private schools as partners in progress who deserved to be encouraged. “We’re also major players as far as the economy and education development of the state are concerned. We’re employers of labour, we pay taxes, levies, renewals and other dues to the coffers of the state government.  And as partners in progress with the state government, we should be allowed to benefit from the welfare programmes of Governor Makinde’s administration. We, too, deserve palliatives,” he said. Dr Ogada, who is also the chairman of the Oyo State Athletics Association, appealed to Governor Makinde to include pupils, teachers and workers of private schools in the state among beneficiaries in the next phase of distribution of palliatives to the people of the state. The private school proprietor, however, lauded Governor Makinde for changing the face of governance in Oyo State with the people- oriented programmes and infrastructural development he embarked on. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.