National President of the Association of Local Government of Nigeria, ALGON, Honourable. Kolade David Alabi, who doubles as the chairman of the Bariga Local Council Development Area of Lagos State, Spoke to journalists on effects of Covid-19 and insecurity on the citizens at the grassroots, use of caretaker committees instead of elected executives to run local councils in the country and other issues. JACOB SEGUN Olatunji was there.  No doubt, Covid-19 has caused a colossal damage to the psyche of all and sundry. But as a critical stakeholder in governance at the local level, what do you think are the lessons from the effects of the pandemic on the lives of rural communities? The COVID-l9 pandemic has clearly exposed our inadequacy in the healthcare. In containing primary health Issues, it has therefore become necessary and urgent if you ask me, for us to rise up to the challenge and fund the health adequately. The cardinal responsibility of governments is to save lives and property.  In this regard, ALGON is assiduously pursuing the bottom-top approach, that is, from local authorities through the states and to the central government rather than the top-down approach as presently being practised.  There is disquiet in ALGON lately, with varying accounts from different quarters on the cause. What is the Crux of the matter? I wish to categorically state that there was never a rancour in our great association. I make bold to say that there is no crisis whatsoever. Perhaps, your question is in reference to some mischief-makers who parade themselves in the name of ALGON and who indeed were not members of our National Executive Council. (NEC). It, therefore, becomes expedient for ALGON to reaffirm the confidence vote passed on my leadership of the association. There is an established procedure in our Constitution that enables one to become a NEC member. The rumouredrancour was the handiwork of those uninformed people who are desperate non-members of NEC. So, representatives from the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) taught it wise and expedient to reaffirm my leadership with total loyalty. That’s exactly what happened, when the NEC passed a vote of confidence in my leadership. There is no crisis whatsoever in ALGON.  There is also an increasing decline in the fortunes of Local Government Areas (LGAs) in the country, with many of them becoming a shadow of themselves. What will you recommend as the panacea for their survival? On the average, the LGAs today are advancing towards higher grounds, especially since I became the national president of ALGON. My leadership came in a few months before the Executive Order that brought about the Nigeria Financial Intelligence Unit’s intervention on direct disbursement of local government funds and for states where democratically elected local government system is in operation like Lagos State. We have enjoyed a very cordial fiscal relationship which has made it become a model for other states in the country Generally, frantic efforts are being made to repositioning the LGAs in our renewed advocacy; that states should save the LGAs by conducting elections and I must say that the governors  are trying their best in that regard. If not for the outbreak of the COVID-19 in the country, a number of such elections would have been held before now. Indeed, concerted efforts aimed at advancing grassroots development in the last one year under my tenure as ALGON chairman has been wonderful. This is notwithstanding other economic setbacks caused by the pandemic. For ALGON, devolution of power is the panacea for the survival of the third level of government in the country. This is in consonance with provisions of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) and there is every sense in embracing it holistically.  Your leadership must have been facing some challenges since it came on board. In the midst of all this, what kind of legacy programes would you want to be remembered for as ALGON president? My passion and courage to change the narratives from the earlier unpleasant experience is by raising the bar for effective rural governance as a breeding ground and model for appreciating democracy in action. l am convinced that based on the kind of programmes we have lined up, our tenure wrapped with numerous benefits. You will agree with me that governance at the grassroots is pivotal to development as seen in some of my giant strides and accomplishment as ALGON president, which posterity will appreciate. Under my watch, we have advanced and maintained collaboration and synergy with the United Cities and Local Governments Africa (UCLG AFRICA) and that of the European Union (EU). ALGON leadership has placed in the front-burner of the central government that local councils be treated as a worthy ally to states and for the Federal Government to consider an upward review of our monthly revenue allocation. We now have the unique opportunity to participate in talks with the representatives of the European Union Development (EUD) in the formulation and execution of the agreed programmes (2021 2027).  The recovery of our ALGON House in Maitama is also a major achievement; it a symbolic masterpiece for ALGON in Abuja. We have championed, under my watch, the refund of the US$2.6 billion unremitted Paris Club to mention but a few. We embarked on a trip to Morocco with my exco to learn how best the Local Authorities can work perfectly with the central government in Nigeria. We are presently harvesting its gains despite the ravaging COVID-19 across the rural areas. So at present, decorum has been restored; the staff of ALGON have been given a sense of belonging.  In the seeming low level of the impact of the local government administration at the grassroots, would you say the purpose of ALGON been achieved since 1999 when the country returned to civil rule? ALGON is not arm of government; it is an association of 774 LGAs and area councils. And the objectives of the body include but not limited to coordination, collaboration; alignment and development of synergy among the three tiers of governments namely: federal. state and local governments. I hasten to say that we are already moving in the trajectory of the primary goal of the association and do not forget that the lack of consistency and short duration of service as national president are part of the policy shift/variation. By and large, we should appreciate the journey so for! Some of the impeding bottlenecks are being looked into with all intent and purposes towards surmounting them both constitutionally and with wisdom where necessary.  A group claims that your leadership of ALGON is not constitutional. What is your own side of the story? This question is not different from the first I responded to at the beginning of the interview. ALGON functions primarily as a rallying point for all local governments and area councils; it serves as the spring board for propelling development at the grassroots.  Do you think those objectives are being realised? You have asked two questions in one! To the first part of your question, I will say yes, it is the spring board for propelling development at the grassroots. Second, the objective of the association is being vigorously pursued with the best practices, mindful of the fact that our democracy is still passing through ‘the mill’ and with time, be assured that we shall get there.  There is apprehension across the country due to insecurity. What do you think is wrong with the system? The problem is quite challenging but surmountable. It requires the total cooperation of all the citizens to provide information that will facilitate the arrest and prosecution of the dissidents and the agents of destruction and instability. Permit to use the herdsmen/cattle rustlers’ conflicts as an example.  We all know that the climatic/ seasonal change is a major factor for the conflict. It is forcing herdsmen to migrate from the northern parts of the country to the South, with an wholesome damage tc farmlands. The consequence of such action also manifests in farm produce. The panacea for this particular conflict is to create separate and dedicated ranches. It will relive the host communities of danger and end hatred, as well as unlawful takeover and total destruction of farmlands. Inasmuch as we need food crops, dairy products and meat, we advocate better understanding. That is why the recent approval and take off sum of the N13.6 billion for community policing is a welcome development; the policy will mitigate the skirmishes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: Don’t Join Proposed Strike By Labour, FG Warns Civil Servants The Federal Government has warned civil servants not to obey the call for industrial action by labour unions. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!