THE Chief Executive Officer of Data Services Protection Limited (DSPL), Mr Tunde Balogun has commended the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) for instituting the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation (NDPR) 2019. Nigeria is already ranked progressively ‘Amber’ on the global data protection scale, the DSPL boss revealed. According to Balogun, DLA Piper, which ranks data protection regulation of each country all over the world through colours, had given the NDPR Amber, which shows it’s a moderate regulation. DLA Piper is a global firm with presence in countries throughout the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. “In Piper’s ranking, Green is for strong regulation; Amber is for moderate and Red is for weak regulation. NDPR was awarded Amber, which is moderate. There are some advanced countries in the world that their regulation was marked Red; countries that are more advanced than us. So, if you want to look at it, NDPR in terms of comparison to other countries’ regulation is decent and progressive,” said Balogun. Balogun, who is also the Convener of the Association of Licensed Data Protection Organisations of Nigeria, commended the efforts of the immediate past Director-General of NITDA, who is the current Minister of Communications and Digital Economy Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, for coming up with the NDPR. Balogun added that in terms of the structure of the implementation, the NDPR is unique in the world. “It is unique in the sense that it creates that layer of licensed firms to help organisations for implementation. There is nowhere in the world where that is done. That uniqueness is a masterstroke, very ingenious by the immediate past DG of NITDA and his team. All other African countries are now looking at our model” he explained. Since licensed as a Data Protection Compliance Organisation (DCPO), DSPL has become a leading DCPO in Nigeria’s fast-growing data protection industry with robust grip of the public sector. According to Balogun, DSPL has mapped out strategy to help public institutions comply with the country’s data protection regulation. This strategy, the company said, was necessitated by the fact that data breaches are likely to occur mostly in the public sector. He said ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs) of government in the country handle the largest amount of personal data that could be easily compromised, thereby leading to a breach of the NDPR. DSPL has been driving the advocacy among public institutions to ensure that they comply with the NDPR, Balogun added. “We are doing a lot of advocacy in the public sector because public institutions are the biggest processors of personal data anywhere in the world. Government data subject is the population. If you are in the private sector, your population is your customers. “So, if you only have 20,000 customers, that’s your entire population, but government controls the data of all citizens from the local government to state and the federal. “Also, any public institution, any ministry, department or agency, from local government or whatever, will tend to handle personal data more than the private sector,” Balogun said. While noting that the company has strategically introduced solutions for the public sector, he said its products also cater to the need of organisations in the private sector. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: Don’t Join Proposed Strike By Labour, FG Warns Civil Servants The Federal Government has warned civil servants not to obey the call for industrial action by labour unions. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!