A woman, Laide Azeez  has approached Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, seeking that her 20-year-old marriage to her husband, Idowu Azeez be stopped. Laide in her divorce suit alleged that her husband was a flirt and that he infected her with a sexually-transmitted disease (STD). She added that he was a brute. According to her, he removed two of her front teeth with a blow during a brawl. The plaintiff begged the court to dissolve their marriage and grant her custody of the only child produced by it. She further appealed to the court to restrain him from coming to harass her at her place of residence or work place. Idowu did not show up in court despite been served court summonses thrice. Laide in her testimony explained that: “My husband is a flirt and a difficult person to live with. He spends his time and money on women. “My lord, he infected me with gonorrhea and dumped me at my parents’ place. My parents spent through their nose to get me back on my feet. “He started dating a lady who he brought home on regular basis. He once demanded that I moved out of the house for sometime because he wanted to carry out a cleansing. “He warned that I would be responsible for whatever happened to me if I refused to leave. “I ignored him and his threats and remained in the house. His lover later moved in and occupied one of our rooms. It was then I understood why he demanded that I leave. “My husband and I fought over his lover’s presence in our home. He beat me to a pulp and removed two of my upper teeth with a blow. “My husband and his mistress gave me hell. They made life difficult for me and refused that I had rest of mind. This automatically took its toll on my health. “I moved out of his house and stayed with one of my friends. Idowu came there to harass my friend and insisted that I went back home with him. “He dragged me out but was almost lynched by passers-bye. “My lord, my husband refused to pay our child’s school fees. He stated that he can’t invest in a female child’s education. “He went irate when he was served the court summon. He threatened to beat me and crush my bones for daring to drag him to court. “My lord, it is obvious that my marriage to Idowu has failed. I, therefore, entreat this court to separate us and grant me custody of our child so that I can give her the needed attention,” she pleaded. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, stated that there was the need to end their union since it entailed violence. Odunade added that the absence of the defendant in court after being served three summonses showed that he was not ready save his marriage. Ruling, he dissolved their union and granted the plaintiff custody of their child. The defendant was asked to pay N5,000 every month through the court for their child’s feeding and be responsible for her education. He was also mandated to attend to her medical needs when necessary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 623 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 623 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country has recorded in six months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 623 new cases reported between October 18 and 24 is a reduction from the 1,143 recorded the previous week. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Ondo schools resume Monday, November 2 BREAKING: Hoodlums Loot NYSC Camp In Abuja Hoodlums in their numbers have invaded the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) camp in Kubwa Abuja looting properties belonging to the camp. NCDC confirms 170 cases Looting: Osun Begins House-To-House Search Thursday To Fish Out Perpetrators As the 72- hour amnesty given by the Osun State government to looters in the state to return all looted properties in their custody expires today, the state government has expressed its intention to commence a house-to-house search on Thursday to fish out the deviants among them. NCDC confirms 170 cases SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.