Scores of youths have been reportedly arrested on the streets of Ughelli over Thursday’s killing of a police officer, Stanley Etaga during a protest for the disbandment of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). The seeming invasion of Ughelli on Friday by stern-looking armed police operatives is at the instance of the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu who gave an order to the Delta State Police Commissioner, Hafiz Inuwa to fish out the killers of Corporal Etaga. TribuneOnline gathered that police operatives have taken over major intersections of the town swooping on persons suspected to have participated in the ill-fated protest. ALSO READ: Ondo 2020: NSCDC deploys 7,079 personnel, 60 sniffer dogs The development has generated tension in the urban centre as people, especially youths, are said to be fleeing the streets to avoid been arrested by the law enforcement agents. The Thursday bloody anti-SARS protest, it was gathered, also allegedly left another cop and a civilian injured. IGP Adamu had, on Friday, ordered the CP Inuwa, to unmask and apprehend those allegedly involved in the killing of the officer. He condemned the killing, vowing to prosecute the suspected killers upon arrest. Police Public Relations Officer, Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, could not be reached as of the time of filing the report as her phone rang out. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!