Some youths in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, also staged an #ENDSARS protest rally, on Thursday, demanding an end to police brutality, harassment and alleged killing. Led by Oyo State coordinator of RevolutionNow, Mr Emiola Solomon, the youths marched from the front of the University of Ibadan through Bodija market, Awolowo to state Secretariat, Agodi, ventilating their agitation for the scrapping of SARS. The protesters bemoaned that SARS officials see virtually every youth as an Internet fraudster and are quick to indiscriminately stop and search them while harassing and brutalising them. Placards used to drive home their message had inscriptions that included “End Police Brutality; We are Nigerians, We are One, We are Innocent; Being a Youth is not a criminal offence; Stop Killing Us; Put an end to Police Brutality; Stop Killing Us, we are leaders of Nigeria.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. Youths stage ENDSARS protest ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. Youths stage #ENDSARS protest SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!