Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. Oyebade who is the Coordinating/Supervising DIG for the election while speaking with journalists on Wednesday in Akure, the state capital on the preparation of police noted that the police were ready to ensure a peaceful poll on Saturday. He maintained that the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu has given officers and men of the force the matching order to clamp down on all those planning to disrupt the peace of the governorship election. According to him, “Dear citizens, we will not allow political thugs and other criminal elements whose actions are antithetical to the success of this important election to ply their evil trade. Consequently, we want to sound a note of warning to individuals or groups who might be having clandestine plans for the purpose of disrupting the election to jettison such plans as anyone who violates the electoral law and other extant laws will be apprehended and subsequently prosecuted according to the law of the land.” He revealed that no fewer than three personnel of the force in addition with other security agencies will be deployed to the polling units to ensure maximum security on the day of the election. Oyebade who disclosed that the force had carried out an assessment of all the flashpoints in the state, calling on the political gladiators to talk to their supporters on the need to embrace peace. “We have carried out threat assessment of volatile areas within the state and have consequently provided additional, multi-pronged security to cover identified key and vulnerable points. We appeal to politicians particularly candidates in the forthcoming election to thread softly and play by the rules. We want to assure them that we will provide a level playing field for all irrespective of their political party. The governorship candidates are admonished to remember and be guided by the Peace Accord they signed before the whole world on 6th October 2020. Similarly, we charge them to appeal to their supporters to tread the path of caution, decency and legality in their activities,” He promised that the police would be neutral and discharge its duties in accordance with the electoral act, adding that the successes recorded during the last governorship poll in Edo would be replicated in Ondo State. Don’t Ignore Calls For Restructuring, Awolowo Dosumu Counsels FG Former Nigerian Ambassador to the Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, has admonished the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government not to ignore calls for a restructuring…We’II deal with those Woman, Two Others Share Nobel Prize In Physics The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics. While one half was awarded to Roger Penrose the other half was jointly awarded to Reinhard Genzel…We’II deal with those  We’II deal with those FG Planning More COVID-19 Palliatives For Nigerians ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government is working on providing more palliatives to relive the pains of the COVID-19 pandemic on citizens…We’II deal with those NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!