The management of the National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) has approved the appointment of Mr Chinedu Akubueze as the substantive Clerk of the House of Representatives. Mr Akabueze’s appointment according to the Commission takes effect from November 25, 2020. The incumbent Clerk of the House of Representatives, Mr Patrick Giwa is expected to exit from the service after attaining the retirement age of 60 in November 2020. Mr Giwa was appointed Acting Clerk of the House on November 26, 2018. In the same vein, the National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) has confirmed the appointment of Architect Amos Olatunde Ojo as substantive Clerk to the National Assembly (CNA). It also confirmed 14 other management staff. Ojo took over from Mohammed Sani-Omolori. A statement by the chairman of NASC, Ahmed Kadi Amshi, said the Commission had on 17th and 20th July appointed Ojo, Akabueze and other management staff to their different positions on acting capacity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Lagos Govt To Close Ojota Interchange To Second Bridge For Three Months The Lagos State government on Friday announced that it will close the popular Ojota interchange up to the second bridge in the area for three months beginning from Monday, September 21, for some repairs… Nigeria To Sell Petrol Less Than N100 Per Litre ― Buhari’s Aide The Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang has said that plans were on the way for Nigeria to sell petrol less than N100 per litre. Senator Enang said as soon as local refineries begin operation… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!