The remains of the rector of the Federal Polytechnic, Auchi, Edo State, Dr Sanusi Jimah were yesterday interred at his hometown of Auchi, Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo State according to Islamic rites. The Public Relations Officer, Mr. Mustapha Oshiobugie who spoke on his mobile phone from Auchi confirmed that Dr. Jimah died at about 7 pm on Friday. Oshiobugie said that the institution was mourning following the death of the rector who passed away after a brief illness. The spokesman was however silent about the nature of the sickness of the rector which kept him out of office and social functions for months and eventually resulted in his death. News of his demise of the rector who was appointed in 2017 had filtered into Auchi on Thursday but Oshiobugie had however debunked rumour insisting that he is alive. In a statement in the school’s bulletin signed by the Public Relations following reports of his death, the spokesman had advised the public to disregard the news, adding “that it is the Almighty God that gives life and that by His grace, the rector is alive.” Both the management and staff of the polytechnic kept sealed lips about the authenticity and nature of the rector’s sickness. A polytechnic source who would not want his name in print remarked that before the sickness took a turn for the worse, Dr. Sanusi could no longer climb the staircase to his office located on the third floor of the administrative block, a situation which has led to the setting up of an emergency office on the first floor of the administrative block. The source had disclosed that even with the new arrangement of office, Dr. Sanusi’s absent was still conspicuous as he was not able to make it there severally because of his deteriorating health condition. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Auchi poly rector dies Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Auchi poly rector dies  Auchi poly rector dies Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Auchi poly rector diesAuchi poly rector dies NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!