In line with the mandate of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and in response to the nationwide agitations by some Nigerian youth groups under the auspices of #EndSARS, the NHRC has constituted an 11-man Independent Investigative Panel (IIP) to look into allegations of human rights violations against the defunct SARS and other units of the force. The committee, according to a statement by the Assistant Director, Public Affairs of the Commission, Fatimah Agwai Mohammed, is headed by a retired Justice of the Supreme Court, Justice Suleiman Galadima. She said the Committee will hear petitions, complaints and memoranda from Nigerians across the 36 states of the federation and the FCT and thereafter make recommendations to the federal government on how best to reform SARS and other units of the Police force. The Executive Secretary of NHRC, Tony Ojukwu said the terms of reference of the Panel include, investigate all complaints of human rights violations against SARS and other units of the Police force, make appropriate recommendations as per the damages and compensations to be paid to the victims of Police brutality. Besides, the Panel is given the powers to refer any matter, in the course of their assignment to the Attorney General of the Federation, or that of a State for prosecution in accordance with the law. The panel is empowered as well to make recommendations to government on measures to be taken in respect of operatives of defunct SARS or officers of the Nigerian Police Force, if any, found in violation of human rights of citizens and propose remedial steps that may enhance the professional conduct of defunct SARS operatives, any succeeding unit and other members of the Nigerian Police Force and any other recommendations that may be considered appropriate. Other members of the Panel are, Abdulrahaman Yakubu, Yemi Ademolakun, Chioma Chuka, Prof. Ayo Atsenuwa, Tijani Mohammed, Dr. Uju Agomoh, DIG Ibrahim Lamorde, Dr. Garba Tetengi, (SAN), Feyikemi Abudu, John Aikpokpo Martins and Hilary Ogbonna as Secretary of the Panel. Ojukwu further disclosed that all petitions, complaints and memoranda must reach the Commission, which is the Secretariat of the Panel on or before 31 October, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…NHRC constitutes 11-man panel The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…NHRC constitutes 11-man panel  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84…NHRC constitutes 11-man panel His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…NHRC constitutes 11-man panel SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.