The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has forwarded the names of the Vice-Chancellor, Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED), Professor Abayomi Arigbabu and former national president of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Alhaji Waheed Odusile, to the State House of Assembly for confirmation. Abiodun in a letter to the Speaker of the Assembly, Hon Olakunle Oluomo, on Friday, urged the House to screen Arigbabu for Education, Science and Technology portfolio and Odusile as the Commissioner-designate-for Information and Strategy. A statement by Kunle Somorin also announced the appointment of two new General Managers: Fola Onifade for the State Signage and Advertising Agency and Sesan Asenuga for Parks and Garages Development Board. While Hon. Tolu Bankole was named Senior Special Assistant to the Governor and Mr Ifekayode Akinbode will serve as a Consultant (Media). Odusile has considerable experience across the broadcast and print genres of journalism, spanning three and a half decades. He has held various newsroom management positions, including being the pioneer Editor of National Life Newspaper and Managing Editor of The Nation. He was also at different times on the staff of National Concord and ThisDay Newspapers. A researcher and resource person in media, he has many publications amongst which are “Media Ethics and Promotion of Democratic Culture in Nigeria”, “the Media, Socio-cultural and Political Integration, Thoughts on Policy” among many others. He holds a Master degree in Legal Studies and belongs to a number of professional associations, including Nigerian Guild of Editors, International Federation of Journalists (IFJ), Federation of African Journalist (FAJ) West Africa Journalists Association (WAJA) and the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ). The Commissioner-nominee for the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Prof. Abayomi Adelaja Arigbabu is the current Vice-Chancellor of Nigeria’s premier and preferred University of Education: Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijagun, Ogun State. Arigbabu, a Professor of Mathematics Education, holds a PhD from the prestigious University of South Africa, Pretoria in Mathematics, Science and Technology with specialisation in Mathematics Education. As a Mathematician and Mathematics Educator, Prof. Arigbabu has been involved in Mathematics, Science and Technology (MST) Education and preparation programmes in Nigeria in the last two and a half decades. In addition to this, he was a visiting Professor in the Department of Science and Technology Education, University of Lagos between January 2014 and January 2015. Prof. Arigbabu belongs to numerous academic and professional associations, these include Mathematical Association of Nigeria (MAN), Science Teachers’ Association of Nigeria (STAN), Nigerian Mathematical Society (NMS), Southern African Association for Researchers in Mathematics, Science and Technology Education (SAARMSTE) and the Science Association of Nigeria (SAN) among others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Abiodun nominates TASUED VC Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Abiodun nominates TASUED VC  Abiodun nominates TASUED VC Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Abiodun nominates TASUED VC  Abiodun nominates TASUED VC NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!