South African-based Nigerian Afrobeat singer and songwriter, Olaiya Olatunde Abdul-Lateef also known as Bamzy Richies in the wake of taking a break to go after his new errand, is set to make an exceptional re-appearance to the music scene with some huge hits in the significantly predicted adventure named “1,000 Evenings”. The Nigerian Afrobeat craftsman, who hails from Akure South of Ondo State, grew up in Sango Otta, in Ogun State, where he attended Iganmode Language School, and also bagged a degree in Accounting from Ekiti State University thereafter. Bamzy Richies, since moving to South Africa in 2016 to pursue his music career, has worked with prominent names in the South African industry like DJ Mophorisa, DJ Tira and many others. Speaking about the new project ‘1000 evenings’, he said: “Music is my business and I am passionate about it. This project is something I need to work on. I love my fans and I am sure they will vibe to the new project I am currently working on.” He made an engraving in the music business after the appearance of his first endeavour “Increments Over Torture” in which he featured hip skip expert, Capdyse. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!