To live through this most terrible oppression and poverty then be told we will be killed and sacrificed to the gods of greed, injustice and corruption is most lamentable. Many ex-this, ex-that, who owned everything that there is to own, must watch their statements. They live in expansive, gorgeous palaces in choice hilltop environments. They are lords of Nigeria. Everything tailored for their benefit. They could herd the ordinary people off to prison like cattle should they protest the injustice in the polity. Their kith and kin could kidnap our daughters, drink their blood, rape wives in the presence of their husbands & children, yet we must not complain or they would “fight again to keep us together” in bondage. If the country is not restructured within a reasonable time and the cracks continue to widen, the predictable result is the total collapse of the structure called Nigeria. There will be no single bloodshed to enslave anyone. I agree with those who maintain that the key to make the system work in Nigeria is discipline. John R. Jimoh, Ijebu-Ode. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)… Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki… NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!