The #EndSARS protests have spread to more communities in Lagos and Ogun States with hundreds of thousands of youths protesting against police brutality, even as some have now focused on deplorable conditions of roads. The Ogun protesters, who started as #EndSARS agitators, have changed their focus to the deplorable focus of the roads in Sango and other communities along the Idiroko and Abeokuta expressways. More communities in Lagos, including Ogba, Oke Ira, Ikotun, Abule Egba, Iyana Ipaja, Igando, Ikorodu, Gbagada, Egbeda, Akowonjo and Isheri have joined the ongoing nationwide protest. The youths blocked the major highways in Lagos and Ogun States early Saturday, chanting anti-police songs, rejecting not only SARS, but also the newly introduced SWAT. As early as 8’o clock on Saturday, youths from communities around Ogba, Ifako and Olowora converged around  Excellence Hotel in Ogba in solidarity with the fight against police brutality. The activities of the protesters created gridlock along the Oba Ogunji Road, which spread to Omole and Berger areas of the state. Different groups of youths also converged under the Abule Egba bridge, Iyana Ipaja, Ikotun, Igando, Akowonjo and blocked the major roads in the areas. Youths in Ogun State, who for more than four hours blocked the Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway on Friday and returned on Saturday. The youths are now calling on the Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun to, as a matter of urgency, rehabilitate all the major roads along the Abeokuta and Idiroko expressways. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion… Baba Suwe debunks death rumour, says those wishing him dead ‘ll go before him Veteran actor, Babatunde Omidina, famously known as Babasuwe has debunked the rumour of his death, describing the development as sad and uncalled for… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.