The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), has deployed 1,500 personnel to cover the forthcoming Ondo gubernatorial elections billed to hold on Saturday, October 10, 2020. The Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO), ACM Bisi Kazeem, disclosed this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Saturday in Abuja. Kazeem emphasised that the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, also approved that a total of 30 vehicles be deployed for the need to achieve successful, safe, peaceful and hitch-free polls. This he said, included tow trucks, ambulances and other operational vehicles to aid the electoral processes in the 18 Local Government Areas of the state. According to him, the Zonal Commanding Officer, RS11HQ Osogbo, Assistant Corps Marshal Godwin Ogagaoghene, is to lead the team. “This is also comprising of Assistant Corps Marshal in charge of Federal Operations, ACM Hyginus Omeje, Sector Commander Ondo State, Corps Commander A.T Hassan and others. “The deployed Personnel will engage to ensure that the following mandates are carried out: “Enforcement of no movement order, certification of INEC vehicles to be used to convey electoral materials. “Removal of obstructions and rescue operations as well as joining other sister agencies to maintain orderliness at assigned polling booths,” he said. Kazeem stated that the Corps Marshal advised the personnel to conduct themselves in a professional manner while expecting the elections to be conducted in an orderly manner. He urged the personnel to carry out their duties diligently and ensure compliance with the Presidential Task Force Directives on COVID-19. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…FRSC deploys 1500 personnel Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…FRSC deploys 1500 personnel Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…FRSC deploys 1500 personnel  FRSC deploys 1500 personnel NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!