Organized labour in Kwara State has suspended the three-day strike action embarked upon by workers in the state to protest non-implementation of N30,000 minimum wage for all categories of workers in the state. The leadership of the labour movement in Kwara state, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC ), the Trade Union Congress (TUC ) and the Joint Negotiating Council (JNC-TUS), in a statement jointly signed by their chairmen, Aliyu Isa Ore, Ezekiel Adegoke and Saliu Suleiman, respectively, directed workers to resume work on Monday, October 19. The statement, titled, “suspension of strike”, reads: The leadership of the labour movement in Kwara state, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC ),Trade Union Congress (TUC) and Joint Negotiating Council (JNC-TUS) after due consultation and the intervention of well meaning Kwarans on the on-going strike and the readiness of the state government to shift ground on the new minimum wage to pave way for the minimum wage committee to meet and conclude for signing and implementation to all categories of workers of the state, local government and pensioners, resolved as follows: “To suspend the on-going strike action to pave way for the final conclusion of the new wage in Kwara state “Urge every worker to return to work as from Monday, 19th October, 2020. “That no worker, irrespective of the Grade level should be harassed, intimidated, molested or victimized as a result of taking part in the strike as the leaders of the labour movement will not take such lightly. “That we will not hesitate to call you back to action in case of any failure on the part of the state government as regards the minimum wage. “The leadership of the labour movement wishes to express our sincere appreciation to: The entire workers in Kwara state, (serving and retired) The security operatives i e, the Police, SSS and the Civil Defence corps). “The civil society organisation and the general public at large for your support, cooperation and understanding while the strike lasted. We thank you all. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party…Kwara workers The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Kwara workers The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84…Kwara workers His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Kwara workersKwara workers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.