The popular annual New Yam Festival, also known as Iwaji, of the Igbo ethnic group, was held in the ancient city of Kano, with amid pomp and pageantry. It will be recalled that a high court presided by Justice Farouk Lawan Adamu, in Suit No. K/322/2020, had stopped the festival (Iwaji 2020) which was to hold on September 27, on the ground that the organiser, Ikechukwu Oliver Akpudo, was not qualified to perform the ceremony. However, the event was led by the Igbo traditional ruler in Kano, His Highness Igwe (Dr.) Boniface Ibekwe Ide I, Ezedioranma IV, featured the cutting and eating of roasted yam with palm oil. Also as tradition demands, Dr Ibekwe broke and shared kola nuts and prayed for the peace and unity of all the people living in Kano State. Aside from the above tradition which was the climax of the occasion, other rituals marking the event included cultural music and dance, as well as the presentation of a white ram to the king by the President-General of the Igbo Community Association (ICA), Chief Donatus Nwugo, as a symbol of peace, good luck and long life. ALSO READ: #EndSARS protest: Isiak Jimoh’s mother recounts how son was killed in Ogbomoso The occasion was well attended by Igbo leaders, representing Imo, Enugu, Anambra, Ebonyi and other Ndigbo states. They were introduced to the Igwe for recognition and blessings. The event also brought together leaders of other ethnic groups in Kano, including the chiefs of Yoruba, Edo and the Emir of Kano, His Royal Highness Aminu Ado Bayero, who sent a representative, Alhaji Jibrin Saidu. Igwe Ibekwe said the occasion was marked to thank God for this year’s bumper harvest and seek better yield in the coming season. “But above all, the occasion seeks to bring all Igbo sons and daughters together in unity, and as well reunite us (Igbos) with other ethnic groups in Kano state,” Ibekwe said. The representative of Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje and all the traditional rulers at the festival sued for peace, unity and harmony. The representative of the Emir of Kano said the Igbos living in Kano, because of their long stay in the ancient city, have become indigenes. He urged them to continue to live in peace and harmony with other tribes in the state while carrying out their legitimate businesses. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.