Militant groups from the nine states of the Niger Delta region under the Reformed Niger Delta Avengers (RNDA) have given a 21-day ultimatum to oil multinationals to evacuate their workers from their facilities ahead of planned resumption of a major onslaught on oil and gas assets in the region. The militant groups listed the oil facilities for destruction to include Chevron’s major oil platforms, Shell’s major oil pipelines and the NNPC’s gas pipelines that locate distribution lines from Escravos to-Warri – Kaduna Lagos and gas to Abuja. ”We will bring down all until our demands are met through proper engagement from the Federal Government or else no going back on the 21-days ultimatum. “And we are going to occupy all the platforms, Well Head locations and major crude oil pipelines until we see proper channel of engagement from the Federal Government through the GMD NNPC and the newly-appointed Amnesty Coordinator who has promised Mr President that he is going to engage all the aggrieved militant groups to restore peace and stability in the creeks of the region,” the renegade groups averred. The RNDA made the threats in a statement issued by selfstyled ‘Major’ Gen John-Mark Ezon Ebi also known as Obama on Friday night via electronic mail in response to the alleged #ENSARS Lekki Toll Gate shooting . He said the group has vowed to take the destiny of the Niger Delta region into its hands and would kick-start the occupation of all the major oil wells and oil platforms as well as bring down to zero all major crude oil production pipelines to frustrate the implementation of the 2021 proposed budget. RNDA, had earlier last Monday, announced its support for the #EndSARS protesters against police brutality and poor welfare for the citizens with a threat to resume hostilities against oil multinationals and oil and gas assets in the region within a stipulated time if nothing was done by the  Federal Government. In addition to the above demands, the renegade militants in the statement at the weekend, added five new demands that could only assuage their fury against foreign oil multinationals, oil and gas infrastructures and the Joint Military Task Force involved in the Operation Crocodile Smile ongoing in the region. They include a call on the FG to release the N98 billion gas flare penalty fund to the Host Communities of the Niger Delta to tackle environmental pollutions and other hazards caused by IOCs and control of natural resources domiciled in the region by allowing states and communities to venture into artisanal and local refining of crude oil without any harassment from the Nigerian government. Other demands that must be met to placate the group’s poise for hostility are the inclusion of road project to connect Warri to Ogulagha and the re-opening of the Burutu Sea Port in Burutu Local Government Area which is host to the Forcardos Terminal in the proposed N23 trillion 2010 federal budget. ALSO READ: Kaduna govt raises alarm over impending health risks on looted drugs and grains at NAFDAC office The RNDA coalition of militant groups also called for an urgent review of the Federal Revenue Allocation Formula Act in order to give proper interpretation of the 13 per cent derivation funds such that it would no longer go directly into the hands of Niger Delta governors over alleged misappropriation. The group also sought the FG’s approval of the four-point agreement with the Host Communities of Nigeria (HOSTCOM), submitted to it by the National Chairman, Prince Mike Emuh, the release of the 10 licences for the approved Modular Refineries and the implementation of the 16-point demands by the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF), among others. Failure to grant these demands, members of the coalition of the militant groups vowed to execute their threats by embarking on a massive destruction of oil pipelines and installations across the length and breadth of the Niger Delta region in a well-coordinated attack they tagged: Cripple the Economy with Zero Crude Oil Production. The group, therefore called on the international community including the United Nations, the European Union, the President of the United States of America and other world leaders to recall their nationals working with the multinational oil companies to vacate the creeks of the Niger Delta region before the RNDA’s special strike force unit swing to action. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!