THE Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST) will join 192 other countries under the umbrella of the United Nations Postal body, Universal Postal Union (UPU), to celebrate the World Post Day on Thursday. In this year’s celebration, NIPOST is organising a virtual lecture, entitled: “The Role of the Post in Digital Economy,” to be delivered by the Director, Nigerian Postal Institute, Dr Asuquo Abianga. In a statement made available by the General Manager, Corporate Communication, NIPOST, discussants of the paper to be presented by Dr Abiaga are former Lagos State Commissioner of Information and Strategy, Mr Steve Ayorinde; social and economic analyst/digital marketing expert, Mr Kayode Ogundamisi and the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Upshots Media Limited, Lagos, Mr Mojeed Jamiu. Chairman of NIPOST, Mrs Maimuma Yahaya-Abubakar and the Postmaster General of the Federation/CEO, NIPOST, Dr Ismail Adebayo Adewusi, are expected to deliver speeches at the event. In the build-up to 2020 World Post Day, the annual UPU Letter Writing Competition for young people was conducted, and over 2,279 entries were received from secondary school students across Nigeria. Sam Kubiat Usenekong of Federal Science and Technical College, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State; Lafenwa Emmanuel of Kings and Queens Academy, Ifatedo, Osogbo, Osun State, and Enogheghase Ryon Osaretin of University Preparatory Secondary School, Benin City, Edo State, emerged as the three best overall national winners. Also as part of the activities to mark the two-day event, Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Ali Isa Pantami, will on Thursday unveil the Compendium of Nigeria Postage Stamps (100 years) 1914-2014, put together by NIPOST in collaboration with TACOMS International Services and titled ‘the History of Nigeria and her Postage Stamps’. Don’t Ignore Calls For Restructuring, Awolowo Dosumu Counsels FG Former Nigerian Ambassador to the Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, has admonished the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government not to ignore calls for a restructuring…NIPOST to showcase relevance  NIPOST to showcase relevance Woman, Two Others Share Nobel Prize In Physics The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics. While one half was awarded to Roger Penrose the other half was jointly awarded to Reinhard Genzel…NIPOST to showcase relevance  NIPOST to showcase relevance FG Planning More COVID-19 Palliatives For Nigerians ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government is working on providing more palliatives to relive the pains of the COVID-19 pandemic on citizens…NIPOST to showcase relevance  NIPOST to showcase relevance NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!