Protesters calling for the scrapping of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) team, on Saturday, invaded and disrupted the grand finale of Odun Omo Olowu festival in Abeokuta. The festival which had in attendance the deputy governor of Ogun State, Engr (Mrs) Noimot Salako-Oyedele; former president, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo in attendance was stormed by hundreds of youths. Tribune Online learnt that the protesters were prevented from gaining entry into the venue of the ceremony at Oke Ago-Owu. The protesters were reported to be demanding to see Obasanjo so as to register their displeasure over alleged brutality of Nigerians by SARS operatives. This development forced security agents at the venue to shoot into the air to disperse the protesters. It was gathered that a policeman was attacked while making efforts to disperse the protesters. Earlier in the day, the protesters had gone round major areas in the state capital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. #OndoDecides2020: Reports Of Violence Handiwork Of Weak Candidates ― Jimoh Ibrahim Business mogul and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr Jimoh Ibrahim has explained that reports of the pre-election violence that marred the Ondo State governorship election were the creation of weak opposition parties in the state. IPPIS: Buhari’s Statement Not Targeted At Us ― ASUU The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said it is confident that President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement that no enrol on Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) was directed at ASUU members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!