A middle-aged woman riding on a motorcycle was on Friday crushed to death in a fatal accident at Adonishakai along  Eku/Agbor road in Ukwuani Local Government Area of Delta State. Report from the area said the unidentified woman was heading towards Obiaruku before the crash involving a Lexus Salon car, Toyota Camry and the motorcycle. The report further said Lexus car cruising on top speed suddenly lost one of the tyres and immediately ran into the woman killing her on spot. An eye witness account disclosed that a pastor of Living faith church was among the three survivors. “The pastor alongside friends survived, the accident happened when an oncoming speeding Lexus Salon car lost one of the tyres and veered of its part and crushed a woman who was on a bike going to Obiaruku. “The car also collided with the Camry car carrying the winner’s Pastor. The woman could not be identified because she was mangled and crushed.” “The driver of the Lexus car jumped out of the car immediately after the incident and fled,” an eyewitness said. All efforts to confirm the report from the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Delta State Command proved abortive. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Woman crushed to death  Woman crushed to death Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Woman crushed to death  Woman crushed to death Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Woman crushed to death NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!