Benjamin Disraeli once said “Cleanliness and order are not matters of instinct; they are matters of education, and like most great things, you must cultivate a taste for them” What does your car interior and upholstery look like? The condition of a car’s interior is just as important as maintaining a smooth, glossy paint job on the exterior. If a car’s upholstery is not well taken care of, it would only be a matter of time before it starts falling apart. Some vehicle manufacturers are known for using signature materials while others use several variations for different models. For instance, Rolls Royce uses natural materials such as leather made from bull skin while Toyota is known for using a mix of polyester, vinyl or faux leather, depending on the model. Regardless of the type of material, these are some common triggers that can cause damage to your vehicle’s upholstery: Here is some practical advice on how you can improve the condition of your car’s upholstery: To sum up, it is always a good idea to become more familiar with the array of materials that are used for the upholstery of car interiors, in order to know what can lead to its damage and how best one can maintain it. An unkempt car interior will make a vehicle age much faster than it should. I shall leave you with the words of Benjamin Thompson: “So great is the effect of cleanliness upon man that it extends even to his moral character. Virtue never dwelt long with filth; nor do I believe there ever was a person scrupulously attentive to cleanliness who was a consummate villain”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…Vehicle interior and upholstery Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…Vehicle interior and upholstery Vehicle interior and upholstery Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…Vehicle interior and upholstery  Vehicle interior and upholstery NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!