With Coinbox.org, users can now generate passive income – just by keeping cryptocurrencies in a special wallet. This new feature offered by Coinbox.orgis called staking. It can be a great way for hodlers to increase their cryptocurrency assets easily and effortlessly. Staking networks use Proof of Stake as their consensus algorithm. To better understand what it’s all about, you need to get hold of this concept. Both Proof of Work (PoW) and Proof of Stake (PoS) share the same goal, which is achieving consensus in the blockchain. But the processes that allow reaching this goal in these systems differ from one another. Blocks on PoS blockchain platforms are “forged” rather than mined. Contrary to the way it works in PoW systems, PoS networks blockchains can develop and validate new blocks with no special hardware (for example, ASIC). Thanks to Proof of Stake protocols, any user who is in possession of the minimum required balance (stake) of a specific cryptocurrency can confirm transactions and earn staking rewards. In PoS systems, those “guarding” the coins always own the coins, and the larger the amount of those coins, the bigger are the chances for a node to be selected as another validator. However, blockchain developers who created the PoS algorithm quickly understood that the selection by the stake size only would result in centralization, which, obviously, would be highly undesirable. That’s why other selection methods (like coin age-based selection and randomized block selection) have been added. Coinbox.orghas now introduced staking for ALGO. ALGO is the official native cryptocurrency of the Algorand blockchain network. Logically, it’s based on the open PoSAlgorand blockchain platform. Unlike most other public blockchains, this scalable platform boasts fast transaction processing time while sticking with the decentralization. The advantages of Algorand Technology are the following: Annual Percentage Yield (APY) is the interest rate that reflects the total amount of interests, in this case, staking rewards, that are predicted to be earned in one year. Currently, it’s 6.12% for  ALGO.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Maintain Buhari, Osinbajo With N12.3 Billion In 2021 DESPITE paucity of funds leading to plans by the Federal Government to borrow additional N4.2 trillion in 2021, both  President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have asked the National Assembly to approve N3.227  billion for them to travel during… MONDAY LINES: The End Of SARS YOU know if I shoot you, nothing will happen. The highest anyone will do is cry justice on Twitter,” Lagos-based entrepreneur Samuel Otigba told CNN that he got that threat live and direct from a SARS operative. He said his offence was his refusal to pay bribe to the officers… 5 Things To Know About The Dissolution Of SARS — Police he Nigerian Police Force(NPF) have bowed to the pressure and demand of Nigerians to ban a unit of the force, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) on Sunday. Recall that protests from youth have been ongoing across the states of the country and Nigerians in diaspora have also joined in the struggle to end the police unit… Amnesty International Demands Prosecution Of Officers Involved In Extrajudicial Killings, Human Rights Abuse As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights… SARS Has Outlived Its Usefulness, Lasting Solution Must Be Found ― Pastor Bakare Pastor Tunde Bakare, the presiding pastor of Citadel Global Community Church, formerly called Latter Rain Assembly, on Sunday said SARS, an arm of Nigeria police created to combat armed robbery incidents in the country has outlived its usefulness, declaring that a lasting solution must be found towards a more holistic and fundamental… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!