The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), on Thursday, directed schools in the territory to reopen on October 11 and 12 respectively. It said boarding students are to resume on Sunday 11, while full academic activities will begin on Monday, October 12, warning owners of private schools against demanding for third term school fees. FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello announced this while briefing newsmen in Abuja. He said there would not be the third term, adding that the guidelines for the reopening of the schools would soon be released and the academic calendar would cover the third term that was left due to the deadly COVID-19 pandemic. According to him: “There is no third term, private schools should not demand third term school fees.” It will be recalled that the government had ordered the closure of schools nationwide in March 2020, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. Malam Bello explained that the FCT Administration did not record any case during the reopening of schools for exit clauses, and is optimistic that officials and pupils would ensure compliance with COVID-19 protocols once the schools reopen. The minister, therefore, urged the school owners to be strict and rigid on COVID-19 protocols, warning all school owners to be vigilant. “Be vigilant, strict and rigid in the implementation of COVID-19 protocols for the safety of our children and ourselves as we reopen schools. Nothing should be taken for granted.” the Minister urged. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!