The Ondo State Police Command, on Monday, said over 15 persons who allegedly vandalised and looted public and private properties during the recent unrest have been arrested from different parts of the state. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Tee-Leo Ikoro, who confirmed this said ten persons were arrested in connection with the looting of shops and armed robbery during the protest. Ikoro disclosed that a dealer in electrical parts was shot dead on Sunday evening at his shop located at Sijuade area of Akure. He, however, said the state command has launched a manhunt for robbers and looters of shops in Akure and other parts of the state. The identity of the victim was yet to be ascertained as at press time but Tribune Online gathered that house to house search was conducted in order to recover some of the looted goods carted away during the protest. Ikoro explained that those arrested were not #ENDSARS protesters but looters who took the advantage of the protest to perpetrate robbery in some areas of the state He said the operation was still on to arrest other fleeing shop looters, saying the suspects who allegedly participated in the looting of public and private properties during the unrest will be prosecuted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… #EndSARS: Ondo Police commences hunt for looters BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. #EndSARS: Ondo Police commences hunt for looters Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!