The famous Alawuru family in Warri, Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State, has denied a report describing the murdered chief priest at Igbudu community as its grandson. The chief priest, simply identified as Victor (but alluded as Victor Alawuru in several media reports) allegedly impregnated a Muslim Hausa lady and was later stabbed to death by suspected religious hoodlums for not owning up to his crime. The incident occured a fortnight ago in the commercial Degbori Street of Hausa Quarters axis largely dominated by people from the northern extraction. But reacting to the claim, Chief Raphael Okene in a disclaimer on behalf of Chief (Mrs) Elizabeth Okene (nee Alawuru) and family, on Tuesday, disclosed that the said chief priest, “Victor Alawuru,” was unknown to the entire Alawuru family. “It is worthy to note that the family of Alawuru does not have a grandson who bears the name Victor Alawuru. “This is misconceived, misleading, vexatious and embarrassing to the Alawuru family at large. “It is not only incorrect, but has brought our client’s family to ridicule, public opprobrium and disrepute,” Chief Okene, who signed the statement stated. Chief Okene of the Chief Raphael Okene & Co. law firm, therefore, urged the public to disregard the publications crediting the deceased chief priest with the reverred Alawuru family name. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. STILL TRENDING: IGP Disbands SARS Following Nationwide #EndSARS Protests In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. ICYMI: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. IPPIS: Buhari’s Statement Not Targeted At Us ― ASUU The leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has said it is confident that President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement that no enrol on Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) was directed at ASUU members. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!