Thousands of #EndSARS protesters have taken over various neighbouring satellite towns across Abuja as the nationwide protest against police brutality enters the 12th day. Another group of protesters at about 2 pm, staged a peaceful protest at Lois Edet House which housed the Nigeria Police headquarters Area 11, where police shot tear-gas to wade-off hundreds of youths who displayed various placards. Some of the satellite towns include Dutse Sokale located in Bwari Area Council, Abuja-Keffi dual carriage expressway, Kabusa-Apo axis and Kuje Area Council of Federal Capital Territory (FCT). At the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), the protesters frowned at the statement credited to former Inspector General of Police, Mr. Ibrahim Kumasi who described the protesters as ‘miscreants’.  While warning the President to desist from taking any harsh decision against the citizens, they observed that “the international community is watching” all actions, as they “will stop at nothing until we get a true and a new Nigeria.” One of the protesters who spoke with Tribune Online, Ms. Ibukun Olanrewaju Roberts who expressed disgust over the Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Tukur Buratai’s decision to deploy Nigerian Army personnel to major streets across the country, urged the personnel to be wary of taking irrational decisions against their citizens who are clamouring for improved welfare for the security operatives and an end to brutality against armless citizens. The protesters who also took to the street along Barracks area of Madalla-Suleja route, Niger State, demanded good governance, end to corruption, decried high unemployment rate, the poor state of roads, potable water and health facility across the country. Similarly, the protesters demanded an increase in the national minimum rate, removal of the new pump price of premium motor spirit (PMS), erratic power supply, poor education, among others. While reacting to the inauguration of SWAT, one of the protesters, Mr. Amanam Silvanus said: “The reality is that there is a hoodwink and it is so clear, is it possible for you to pour old wine into a new bottle and then the new bottle overnight will make the old wine to become new wine? The answer is no. “Changing the name from SARS to SWAT makes no meaning, makes no difference. They are all criminals. They are all killers. They don’t mean well for society, they don’t mean well for the people. We are saying that police reform is what we want, restructure Nigeria, enough is enough. There is no going back. We will continue to struggle until we have a new Nigeria.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.