The Commissioner for Planning Budget, Thomas Gyang has said he is not the owner of the house where Covid-19 palliatives were found by angry youths who broke into the house and carted away food items. Speaking in an interview on Saturday, Gyang remarked that the house did not belong to him, rather it was a house where the officials of Chikun Local Government kept their own share of palliatives given to them. “It is not my house. It is a place where they kept the palliative for Chikun local government. The palliative has been shared to all the local governments and people responsible for the sharing found a place to keep this food waiting to be given the green light to share. “No local government has shared because they are waiting for the logistics from the committee. Unfortunately, they have broken into Chikun’s. “I just went round and saw that they have broken into Kaduna South local government too. My concern is let there be no casualty. The food items were made for them but they have refused to let it be shared orderly. “I believe they overwhelmed the security men there. I don’t know if there is anything to do to for the targeted poor and vulnerable people to get the palliative because I am not a member of the committee in charge”, he explained.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace.  Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing…  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!