FOLLOWING the ongoing #EndSARS protests ongoing across the country, former president, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, on Monday, said the development has pro- vided windows of oppor- tunities which government can explore to show that it cares about the people, es- pecially the youth. Speaking during his visit to the palace of the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, in Ile-Ife, the former president said the protest is a product of an extensive agitation of the Nigerian youths that needed to be attended to by the government. According to him, “over 65 per cent of our population are under the age of 35, who look up to the best in life, struggle for education, some of them didn’t even get educated, while those who are educated get frustrated because of lack of opportunities. We must realise that the lid on the boiling steam would have to be removed. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: Hoodlums injure 19 policemen, vandalise vehicles “But I believe that there are windows of opportu- nity which the government can explore to show that it cares about the people, es- pecially the youths welfare. “As the father of the country, particularly as the father of the youth, fortunately, by experience, the president has children and he knows how youths behave. I be- lieve that the opportunities Speaking during the visit, Oba Ogunwusi described the #EndSARS struggle by the youth as a clear mes- sage to the government, particularly about their ability to get things done in a coordinated manner. He appealed to the youth to allow the government to fully attend to their de- mands. “If you look at the #EndSARS protest, you will see that our youths have what it takes to rule the country. Since day one, they have shown leadership, account- ability and huge sense of responsibility which have sent a clear message to the government. “As a youth leader myself, I am proud that we all have communicated our ideas and it is heartwarming that we have been heard. “Dear youths, it is time to retreat, particularly to prevent those with ulterior motives from hijacking the peaceful message of peace. The whole world is aware of our peaceful conduct and we must not let some bad elements tarnish this enviable integrity,” he said. He described the attack on the Osun State governor, Gboyega Oyetola, by some suspected political thugs at the venue of an #EndSARS protest in Osogbo as unfortunate. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.