After Thursday’s attempted jailbreak and protests on major roads in Warri and environs, normalcy appears to be gradually returning as some streets have been deserted in parts of the state. Checks by Tribune Online in Warri metropolis on Friday revealed that the commercial centre is devoid of business activities as shops, markets, offices and banks are under lock and keys. Most sections of the usually busy Warri-Sapele road and Effurun-Sapele road were deserted but not without some untoward activities of a few hoodlums who were seen burning huge tyres at Garage area of Warri/Sapele road. Some commercial tricycle owners were seen still defying the 48-hour curfew to make brisk business. Black ashes from bonfires of Thursday protest still dot Kpokiti junction, NPA, and other parts of the Warri-Sapele road. In some cases, young boys were seen playing football on the road to kill boredom. Meanwhile, while there’s been no presence of operatives of the Nigerian Police sighted doing patrols since the beginning of the #ENDSARS protest, a few soldiers in three trucks from 3 Battalion of the Nigerian Army have been keeping surveillance in the streets. They make intermittent appearances in areas where youths are engaged in setting bonfires dispersing same through persuasion and pleas. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Streets deserted FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Streets deserted Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!