The Chief of Staff to the Governor of Ekiti State, Mr Biodun Omoleye has said that the various projects and programmes of the Dr Kayode Fayemi administration are targeted at banishing poverty and improving the standard of living of the people of the State, adding that they are executed based on the needs and yearnings of the people. Omoleye stated this at the Ikun Dairy Farm, Ikun Ekiti, when he led the a group of Stakeholders on tour of ongoing and completed projects of the State government, as part of activities marking two years anniversary of Dr Fayemi’s administration. The project tour, which was designed as an on-the-spot- assessment by stakeholders, including government functionaries, traditional rulers, students, youths, community leaders, interest and professional groups and journalists, started with a tour of the project in the North senatorial district on Tuesday. Some of the projects visited included Comprehensive Health centre, Ikole Ekiti; Ilupeju-Ire-Igbemo-Ijan Road; Comprehensive Health Centre, Oye; Comprehensive Health Centre, Isan; College of Agriculture and technology, Isan; Oye-Ayede-Ikun Road; Ikun Dairy Farm, Ikun Ekiti; Comprehensive Health Centre, Igogo; Comprehensive Health Centre, Otun and several school rehabilitation projects in the different local government areas in the district. The Chief of Staff who explained that the philosophy of the Fayemi-led administration is people-centred and premised on improving the living standard of the people of the State. He added that Ekiti was at the verge of taking over agricultural transformation in the Southwest region of the country. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu, Oyetola urge support for women empowerment Omoleye pointed out that the Ikun Dairy farm had the potential for capital transformation, youth employment, improve State Internally Generated Revenue (IGR), and reduce capital flight. He said, “What you are seeing is a practical demonstration of leadership. Ekiti is on the verge of taking over the agricultural transformation in the Southwest. The cows that we have seen are very rich in content. An average cow here as we are told would produce between 15 to 17 litres of milk per day this is a great improvement on the local breeds which you can hardly get maximum of 7 to 10 litres of milk per day.” Applauding Fayemi for providing exemplary leadership in the health sector, Omoleye expressed delight that the various comprehensive health centres visited across the State had been rehabilitated and repositioned to provide the needed basic medical services to their host Communities. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!