The Pan Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, on Saturday distanced and disowned itself from the ultimatum to some Nigerian nationals,  especially the Igbo people to vacate the southern region within the next 48 hours. The group who stated this in a statement issued by the leader of the group, Pa Reuben Fasoranti and signed by the General Secretary of the group, Chief Sehinde Arogbofa, said such directive as quit notice to Igbo people does not emanate from the group. The group described the quit notice to Igbo people directive that ascribed to it as not only untrue but embarrassing. The group, however, said it knew nothing about the quit order and in no way connected with the said directive issued by one Adeyinka Grandson. ALSO READ: Kaduna govt extends 24-hour curfew to the entire state Fasoranti stated in the statement that is titled  “Quit Yorubaland Ultimatum: not Afenifere initiative” said “our attention has been drawn to a whatsappd video now going viral, purportedly issued by one Adeyinka Grandson or his representative, giving a 48-hour ultimatum ending on Sunday 25th October, 2020, for some Nigerian nationals, especially the Igbos to quit Yorubaland. “Most embarrassing to me as the Afenifere leader was that the young man who made the announcement kicked off with the well known theme of Afenifere anthem, thus giving the impression that his was an Afenifere initiative “This is to say that we do not know anything about the quit order nor are we in any way connected with its issuance or the initiators. “For the time being,  in addition to other releases, let us all maintain peace.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Govt Lists 24 Policemen Under Criminal Prosecution Lagos State government has unveiled a list of 21 ongoing cases where its officers are currently prosecuting criminal cases against erring policemen that trampled on the fundamental human rights of Lagosians. The State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), made this known in a release made available from his… Stolen Rice From Lagos Warehouse Not From Humanitarian Ministry ― Authorities Authorities of Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on Friday affirmed that the consignment of stolen rice from a Lagos warehouse was not the Ministry. Special Adviser on Media to the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development… Why Nigeria Can’t Live In Peace ―Femi Adesina Presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina has spoken on the recent violence in Nigeria, opining that the reason Nigeria has not experienced peace is due to hatred. In a statement he released on Thursday, ‘If Nigeria dies, hatred killed her,’ President Buhari’s Special Adviser, Media and Publicity… We Have Received Allegation Of Shooting Of Protesters In Nigeria, Says International Criminal Court The International Criminal Court on Thursday spoke on the Tuesday’s shooting of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos State, saying it has received information about the incident. The shooting has attracted global outrage against the Nigerian authorities. The number of deaths from the incident is yet to be… Buhari Mourns Dead Policemen, Keeps Mum On Victims Of #EndSARS Protests President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, in a nationwide broadcast paid tribute to officers of the Nigerian Police Force who died in the line of duty during the various #EndSARS protests across the country. He however did not speak on the various victims killed or injured during the protests across the… Your Pronouncements On #EndSARS Protests Hasty, Buhari Tells International Community President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, came hard on the country’s neighbours and the international community over their comments and pronouncements on the #EndSARS protests, saying their judgment about the situation is hasty… Buhari Calls For Peace, Keeps Mum On Lekki Toll Gate Shootings President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday, urged Nigerians to embrace peace but did not speak on the shooting by Nigerian soldiers of #EndSARS protesters at the Lekki told gate in Lagos State. The president also came hard on the international community who have spoken over the protest and shooting, urging them to seek to know all the facts available before taking a position or rushing to judgment… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!