The Arewa Consultative Forum(ACF) has said the government can’t ignore the youths and live in peace. He also said the current restiveness of youths across the country was a threat to the nation’s unity. The Chairman of the ACF, Chief Audu Ogbeh stated this at the National Executive Council of the northern body in Kaduna on Wednesday. He argued that any attempt to ignore the youths, would spell doom for the country. Ogbeh, a former Minister of Agriculture, also decried the uncertainty surrounding the safety of the country,  following the #EndSARS protest which resulted into soldiers and other security operatives shooting protesters. The ACF leader then urged the Federal Government to immediately address the demands of the protesting youths under the situation the country has found itself. While admonishing  elders of the  region to be careful for their safety over the current development, he said the nation is no longer safe as a result of the ongoing protest. ‘In the face of current realities and pressing needs we must re strategise and refocus our energies on new developments. “We have challenges, serious challenges to deal with. These are very well known to all of us. They are social, economic and political in nature. We can and must confront them headlong through investment in education, agriculture and industry. “We must bring along the youth, our own children and reconnect with them, support them and even learn from them. We can no longer ignore them and their demands as we only do so at our own peril. ALSO READ: UN rights commission condemns army killing of protesters “The current restiveness of the youth particularly in the North is a potent threat to the wellbeing of the Region and the nation at large. “It is my hope that now, more than ever before, is the time for all stakeholders to buckle up and save our children and secure their future. “We must be conscious of our unity both in the North and Nigeria at-large. I wish to prevail on you to continue to exercise caution and passion to strengthen the unity of the Nation within our strength. “Let us together grow the North, and develop and unite Nigeria.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!