Just like renting an apartment or buying expensive gadgets, massive consideration needs to go into the inspection of a vehicle before purchase, especially if it is pre-owned (reads as Nigerian used). It would be catastrophic to assume that all is well with a car because its exterior is stunning and glossy, or the dealer/seller made an easy promise that the vehicle has no issues. Owing to the fact that such an inspection can be complicated and overwhelming to an auto motive novice, sometimes first vehicle buyer,the following stages aim to simplify the process for easy understanding: By and large, a complete pre-purchase inspection consists countless checkpoints. This is why it is a wise option to consult an automotive expert to handle the inspection on neutral grounds, before you make that big decision to buy that car you have been eyeing. Though it may be difficult to identify every single problem, this inspection will help you avoid a wide array of serious problems that could cost you a fortune in the future. Remember, when purchasing an automobile, there is always more than meets the eye and if it feels too good to be true, it most often is. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.Before you buy  Before you buy  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.Before you buy  Before you buy  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.Before you buy NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.