THE Oyo State chapter of the Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN) has honoured three prominent Nigerians with awards for their immense contribution to the poultry value chain. The awardees are the former Chairman of the association, Mr John Olateru; popular broadcaster with Fresh FM, Ibadan, Dr. Adebayo Faleke and Farmer Ambassador, Chief Azeez Maboreje. While reacting on the recognition, Dr. Faleke, who anchors popular radio campaign titled: Baba Debo, sponsored by Oyo PAN to promote egg consumption, said the award would spur him to do more, urged young people to be creative and be professional in any industry they find themselves. The broadcaster who was accompanied by his wife, said: “The means a lot to me, I see it as a challenge to even do more with the sole aim of imparting positively in the lives of people. I want to use this medium to admonish young professionals to make endurance their watchword. They should be more professional and creative in their field of endeavour, having it at the back of their mind that if it doesn’t pay today, it will pay tomorrow”. On his part, Chief Maboreje said: “I’m very happy about it. What it  means to me is to put more efforts on the promotion of agriculture of which I have been doing in the South-west part of Nigeria”. He also urged the youth to embrace agriculture and take it as a means of employment. The farmer ambassador said:”Every youth should wake up and see agriculture as a means of surviving. It is an opportunity that is very much available for us to tap”. In his reponse, Olateru who is also the state’s Chairman of All Farmers’ Association of Nigeria (AFAN), said: “I appreciate Oyo PAN for this recognition and it means that whatever opportunity you have to serve, do it to the best of your ability and don’t expect any reward from anybody. But somewhere along the line, some people that are feeling your impact will remember you”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!