Nothing could be as miserable as dismal leadership in Nigeria. Arguably, there is little or nothing to show in term of responsible and qualitative leadership in the country. The recent discovery of warehouses loaded with palliatives in some states across the country has once again given the opportunity to reflect, assess and reassess the state of leadership in Nigeria. What do we make of a nation where the leaders appear callous, unsympathetic, heartless and irresponsible? Evidently, the novel coronavirus came as a shock to the world at large as it caught most countries unawares and unprepared. However, the pandemic also came with a chance to compare and contrast the democracies of the world and check the quality of leadership and the level of accountability and transparency. While most countries were busy providing relief materials and palliatives to their citizens, Nigerian leaders took solace in keeping palliatives in warehouses. It is trite to note that some traditional rulers were not left out.  Without mincing words, those involved in this heartless act have already invoked curses on themselves and their generations. It is so disturbing to see how we keep embracing these heartless and selfish looters who disguise as leaders. These are the same set we gullibly fall for their antics during elections, these are the people that should be removed from our democratic system. It wouldn’t be a fallacy to state that leadership is dismal in Nigeria. If truly we would have a better Nigeria, it is pertinent we come together as one to fight this cause or bad leadership would continue to be a bane of democratic system. However, it is also important to ask this question; how do we see ourselves as the electorate? For how long do we continue to run after these callous individuals all in the name of feeding on crunches? Enough of politics of food and deceit. To get out of the mud of bad leadership in Nigeria, it becomes necessary to deal with ethnic jingoism, party politics and religious bigotry. Ishola Akinwale Victor victorakinwale2@gmail.com YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.On dismal leadership  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.On dismal leadership His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19.On dismal leadership  On dismal leadership NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.