The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has named a retired Judge of the Ekiti State High Court, Justice Cornelious Akintayo and a retired Police Commissioner, Mr Dipo Ayeni, as members of the Judicial Panel of Inquiry to probe into the allegations of Human Rights Violations levelled against Police officers in the State. The nationwide protests being staged in all the States and the Federal Capital Territory was conceptualised to protest against brutality by officers of the Special Anti- Robbery Squad (SARS). This was contained in a statement signed by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebide and made available to journalists, on Monday. Other members of the panel are; Mrs Yetunde Kolawole, State Counsel- Representing the Honourable Attorney-General & Commissioner for Justice, Mrs Kikelomo Owolabi, Chairperson, Nigerian Bar Association, Ikere-Ekiti Branch and Mr Rotimi Ojomoyela, Chairman, Nigerian Union of Journalists, Ekiti State Council. Others include: Mr Jamiu Abiodun Adigun, Representative, National Human Rights Commission, Mr Adeyinka Opaleke, Representative, Legal Aid Council of Nigeria, Ms Caroline Fakinlede, Ekiti State Youths Representative, Mr Abiola Johnson-Ogunleye- Ekiti State Students Representative and Mr Akin Rotimi, Researcher, Police Reforms The Terms of Reference of the Judicial Panel, according to Fayemi include; to receive and investigate complaints of Police brutality or related extra-judicial killings; receive and Investigate complaints of violence against individuals and destruction of properties in every part of Ekiti State in the course of the protest. “It will also evaluate the evidence presented and other surrounding circumstances, and draw conclusions as to the validity of the complaints; and Recommend compensation and other remedial measures, where appropriate.” Fayemi said the duration of the assignment of the panel will be six months, with the Chairman expected to provide monthly briefings to the Honourable Attorney- General and Commissioner for Justice to further enhance the speedy consideration of all complaints. ALSO READ: What you are fighting for is your constitutional rights, Umahi tells #EndSARS protesters “In order to enable the panel to respond appropriately to the urgent needs of victims of rights violations, the Governor has established a Victims Compensation Fund to enable the speedy payment of monetary compensation to deserving victims. “Mr Governor has further directed the Ministry of Justice to immediately ensure that its Department of Citizens Rights in addition to receiving walk-in complaints by victims of Human Rights violation is able to receive and to process and resolve complaints by telephone or social media channels.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE    #EndSARS: Fayemi sets up 10-man judicial panel of inquiry Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.