Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has challenged members of the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) to always hold public office holders accountable to the people, wondering what has whittled down the powers of the Nigerian Press from what it used to be in the past. The Governor who gave the charge when the national leadership of the Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE) paid him a courtesy visit at Government House, Port Harcourt on Friday noted that in time past, the Nigerian Press was a strong voice and conscience of the society. Wike said; “What I have seen of you is that you praise us and give us award because of relationship or friendship. That’s not the way it should be. Challenge us, the people in authority and we will sit up to our responsibilities. We will have no choice than to perform and serve the people as it should be. “My support for you has to do with the fact that you are supposed to tell the truth of what is happening in Nigeria. “There was a time you were exposing the ills of society. If not for you certain things will not be known. Assume your role, grow strong again and speak out,” he charged the Editors. The governor stated that Nigeria is in a difficult period in its history and NGE cannot shy away from performing its duties without fear or favour and urged them to discharge their function and be sure that they are doing what is right always. “If when I castigated the operations of SARS you added your voice, who knows what good that would have achieved.” “Now look at what has happened. There was EndSARS protest across the country. Nobody knows how the youths were able to organise themselves without a leader. “Up until now, intelligence can’t even know how they did it and who’s behind them. Without good intelligence, how can Nigeria even defeat Boko Haram?” he queried. Governor Wike further said #EndSARS protest was peaceful in Rivers State until the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) took laws into their hands. “I don’t support criminality. IPOB killed 6 army officers, 4 policemen, burnt police stations and court buildings. This is Rivers State. Go to Oyigbo and see the level of destruction. Now the State Government will be rebuilding those facilities. “Those who don’t understand our actions are saying we are fighting the Igbos. How will they allow criminals to speak for them when there are intelligent Igbo people to speak for them? “If they (IPOB) are aggrieved, instead of channelling it to the right quarters, they go and kill innocent people and destroy public places,” he stated. In his speech, the National President of Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE), Mustapha Isha said governor Wike has remained consistent in his support to the guild. “You are the only government that has sponsored our annual conference back to back. Even if we have new leadership, that will not affect the friendship we share with you. “Anytime I come to Port Harcourt, there is always a new project on-going. Flyovers are being constructed, existing roads are being expanded, and new roads being built. “This is your second term and you’re maintaining what you said that you’ll work until the last day of your tenure. You have zeal and passion in handling issues of Rivers state, from covid-19 to issues of security. “Projects don’t hide, even your political opponents will see them. They may murmur, but they will use them. Your excellency, keep up with your good job,” he said. The members of the guild later accompanied Governor Wike on project tour of the Rebisi Flyover, Real Madrid Football Academy and the Mother and Child Specialist Hospital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party.Wike challenges Editors  Wike challenges Editors The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest.Wike challenges Editors  Wike challenges Editors  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84.Wike challenges Editors His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness.Wike challenges Editors NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. STAY STRONGER, LONGER AND SATISFY MADAM LIKE NEVER BEFORE WITH THIS NATURAL SUPPLEMENTS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS. CLICK NOW.