Five days after two men were kidnapped along Igede–Aramoko Ekiti road, gunmen have killed a cleric, Mr Kayode Ogunleye, dumping his body in a forest. The lifeless body of the pastor with All Christian Fellowship Church, who was also a staff of the Ekiti West Local Government Area in Ekiti, was found in the farm on Saturday night. He was said to have been shot dead while trying to harvest banana at his plantation. One of the sources, who pleaded anonymity, described Ogunleye’s killing as barbaric, calling on security agencies to fish out the killers. “If you see the manner he was shot, you will see that he was kneeling down, begging not to be killed,” the source said The Public Relations Officer of the police command in Ekiti, ASP Sunday Abutu, confirmed the incident to Tribune Online on Sunday, saying that it was “a suspected case of murder.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Cases, Low Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria’s new COVID-19  infection cases increased by 85  last week when compared with the previous week, Tribune Online reports. A total of 1,053 new cases were reported last week (September 20 – 26)… Labour Suspends Today’s Strike THE organised labour in the early hours of Monday announced a suspension of its strike slated to start today over prices of fuel and electricity. The suspension of the strike action was contained in a communique it signed with representatives of government. CROSSFIRE: Don’t Join Proposed Strike By Labour, FG Warns Civil Servants The Federal Government has warned civil servants not to obey the call for industrial action by labour unions. Unknown gunmen kill pastor CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. Unknown gunmen kill pastor SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!