Few hours after Osun State residents busted a where house located at Ede town and carted away COVID 19 palliatives meant to be shared for them by the state government during the COVID-19 lockdown to alleviate their suffering, angry youths in Osogbo, Osun state capital have again looted another warehouse located at M.D.S area of the town. Also, another store identified as COVID 19 palliative storage in the same place was stormed by the youths who carted away electronic gadgets like Television sets, radio sets and different kinds of gallons of groundnut oils among others. The looting which started around 5.00 P.M of the day was however stopped by military personnel who arrived at the scene and prevented the looters from continuing doing the looting. As a result of this, a mild drama was witnessed as dissatisfied youths grumbled and cursed the military personnel whom they said had prevented them from having their own national cakes. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens…Youths loot Osogbo warehouse  Youths loot Osogbo warehouse ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest…Youths loot Osogbo warehouse ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice…Youths loot Osogbo warehouse NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!