The Inspector-General of Police IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu on Wednesday ordered the immediate withdrawal of all police officers attached to Very Important Persons (VIPs) nationwide. According to findings, the order was contained in a police signal dated October 21, 2020 addressed to all zonal commands which was obtained by Tribune Online on Wednesday night in Abuja. The signal with reference number: CB:4001/DOPS/SPU/FHQ/ABU/VOL./ORDER AND DIRECTIVES warned that any commander who violates the order “will bear the consequences”. According to it, “Inspector-General of Police directs you to withdraw all protect personnel attached to all VIPs, except those attached to Government Houses, Senate President, Speaker, House of Representatives with immediate effect. “Any commander who violates this order will bear the consequences. Any protect personnel found escorting or guarding any VIP with or without firearm is deemed to be deployed by the commander and the commander will be sanctioned.” All withdrawn personnel were directed to report to their commands for debriefing. This development comes after a two week of protests by Nigerian youths demanding an end to the now disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) Unit of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters Will Close Window To Peace, Obasanjo Warns Buhari Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the recent shooting of unarmed #EndSARS protesters at Lekki tollgate,  warning President Muhammadu Buhari that the shooting of protesters will close the window to peace. Wale Oke Decries Lekki Killings, Says Incident May End Nigeria The national deputy president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) and presiding bishop of the Sword of the Spirit Ministries, Ibadan, Dr Wale Oke, has expressed sadness over the Tuesday killing…  After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. JSHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!