The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, on Tuesday, commissioned a COVID-19 testing centre at the National Assembly. Gbajabiamila said the idea behind having a COVID-19 testing centre within the National Assembly is for the over 4,000 people working in the federal legislature to easily get tested. He said by the nature of their work, relating with people from different places, it was imperative for lawmakers and their staff to have the COVID-19 test. The Speaker urged lawmakers, especially members of the House, their aides, the staff of the National Assembly and other support staff to ensure that they get tested as they now have a testing centre closest to them. He thanked the chairman of the ad-hoc committee on COVID-19, Hon Haruna Mshelia, and the Management of the National Assembly as well as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) for their efforts in establishing the centre. Earlier, the chairman of the House COVID-19 Adhoc panel, Mshelia, said the centre was established following the directive by the Speaker to do so. He noted that his panel received the support of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, the NCDC and the National Assembly in making the testing centre become a reality. In his remarks, the Clerk to the National Assembly (CNA), Arc. Ojo Amos Olatunde, thanked all those that made the centre come to fruition, especially the Speaker. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded Low Cases, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis shows. [BREAKING] #EndSARS: IGP Disbands SARS Across The 36 States In the finest spirit of democracy and response to the people’s yearnings, the Inspector-General of Police Mohammed Adamu has today, 11th October, 2020, dissolved the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) across the 36 State Police Commands and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) where they hitherto existed. BREAKING: INEC Declares Akeredolu Winner Of Ondo Election The Independent National Electoral Commission has declared Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as the winner of the 2020 Ondo State Governorship Election. Gbajabiamila commissions COVID-19 testing centre at National Assembly SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!