Flights were grounded in Akure Airport, Ondo State, on Monday, following the discovery of a crater dug on the runaway of the airport. According to a source within the Airport who alleged that the crater was dug on the runway by some unknown persons suspected to be hoodlums which forced the management of the airport to close the Airport and prevented the flight from taking off or landing in the airport. However, many travellers billed to travel through the Akure Airports were stranded and unable to do travel as a result of the development. The source disclosed that the officials of the airport authority discovered the crater, on Sunday night, and consequently closed the runway, and said “the hole was discovered during the early morning check by the security of the airport. “We are yet to know those behind it. I think the intention of the miscreants was to cause a plane crash in the airport. “The security operatives have been invited to see the place. The government has to deploy the security agents to the airport so as not to allow the miscreants cause havoc there.” The spokesperson of the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria, Henrietta Yakubu, while speaking on the development said that there were cracks discovered on the runway during the routine checks on Monday morning but said the cracks had not affected the flight operations in the airport. Henrietta, however, declared that the repair works had commenced on the cracked portions on the runway. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Flights grounded at Akure Airport as crater is found on runway Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!