The Ogun State Government said it would shut down any company found violating environmental laws at the detriment of members of the public. Stating this was the State Commissioner for Environment, Hon. Abiodun Abudu-Balogun, during a stakeholders engagement with metal -smelting companies in Ogijo axis of the state. The Commissioner noted that some of these companies still pollute the environment in their immediate communities with the way and manner they handle their waste management. He explained that despite warnings these companies are still flouting government’s approved action plans. Abudu- Balogun, therefore, warned them to stop polluting and comply with Ogun State environmental laws/regulations and thereafter set up a joint task force of government representatives and that of the companies to find a lasting solution to the problems. Responding, the spokesman of the companies, Mr Richard Olanrewaju pledged the companies cooperation and determination to stop all environmental infractions in the axis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES At 60 Nigeria Must Fight For Independence, Says Bishop Badejo Of Oyo Catholic Diocese As Nigeria celebrates its 60th Independence Anniversary, Most Reverend Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo, the Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Oyo in his message on the occasion…We will shut down companies  We will shut down companies Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)…We will shut down companies  We will shut down companies Oba Of Benin Warns Wike, Others: We Don’t Want Godfathers For Our Gov Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Square II, has called on the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, not to turn itself to another godfather to the reelected governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki…We will shut down companies NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!