Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has reacted to reports of shooting at the Lekki Toll Plaza, following the 24-hour curfew imposed on Lagos State to stop criminals who hid under the #EndSARS protests to unleash mayhem on innocent citizens, saying he had ordered an investigation into the incident. The governor said this in a statement made available by the State Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr. Gbenga Omotoso, adding that he had advised the security agents not to arrest anyone on account of the curfew, which he urged residents to observe for the peaceful atmosphere that everyone cherished. Sanwo-Olu, while promising to do everything within his power to ensure that the lives of all Lagosians were protected at all times, however, enjoined all Lagosians to remain calm and​ not allow criminals, who had hijacked the noble protest of the gallant youths, to succeed in​ their evil plan​ of turning the state upside down. Text of the statement read: “Shooting in Lekki ”There have been reports of shooting at the Lekki Toll Plaza, following the 24-hour curfew imposed on Lagos State to stop criminals who hid under the #EndSARS protests to unleash mayhem on innocent citizens. ALSO READ: #EndSARS: PDP condemns killing of protesters at Lekki “The state government has ordered an investigation into the incident. ”Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has advised the security agents not to arrest anyone on account of the curfew, which he urges residents to observe for the peaceful atmosphere we all cherish. “He advises Lagosians to remain calm and​ not allow criminals, who have hijacked the noble protest of our gallant youths, to succeed in​ their evil plan​ of turning our dear State upside down. ”The Governor will do everything within his power to ensure that the lives of all Lagosians are protected at all times.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided.