The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), on Tuesday, called for a cessation of attacks on its facilities as it harbours no COVID-19 palliatives in its orientation camps. This is coming on the heels of looting of the Abuja orientation camp in Kubwa, where hoodlums stormed the premises in search of COVID-19 palliatives. On finding the camp empty, the looters made away with both private and properties of individuals and the scheme. In a statement issued by the Director of Press and Public Relations, Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the NYSC in reaction to the fresh attack, stressed that it does not take delivery of palliatives. While expressing worries at the development, the scheme stated that its core mandate is to promote national unity and integration. The statement read: “The spate of attacks on NYSC formations in search of palliatives, particularly the Orientation camps have become very worrisome. The management wishes to restate that there are no palliatives in any of the 37 NYSC camps nationwide. “It is imperative to note that the National Youth Service Corps is a national institution saddled with the core mandate of promoting national unity and integration, as well as youth development and empowerment. The mandate does not include warehousing and distribution of palliatives. “The Director-General National Youth Service Corps, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim is making an earnest appeal for the cessation of further attacks on facilities of the Institution.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Discharged 4,850 Last Week, Highest Figure In Four Weeks Last week, Nigeria recorded a total of 4850 recoveries, the figure which is the highest the country has recorded in four weeks, Tribune Online reports. The last time the country recorded high recoveries was from September 13 to 19 where a total of 4,343 persons recovered and were discharged. The recoveries began to drop from September 20 to 26, when Nigeria recorded a total… BREAKING: LG Chairman Abducted In Oyo Kidnappers, on Sunday night, abducted the chairman of Iganna Local Council Development Area of Oyo State, Mr Jacob Olayiwola Adeleke. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!