The Northern Governors Forum has congratulated Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli over his appointment as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Bako Lalong, in a statement described the appointment of the new Emir as a good omen for the people of the Zauzzau Emirate, Kaduna State and Nigeria as a whole. He said:  We rejoice with you over this worthy opportunity given to you by God to serve your people like your ancestors did and also surpass their achievements because of the rich heritage they have passed down to you. Your exposure and experience heighten the excitement that by the help of Almighty God, you will improve the lives of the people and also make valuable contributions to national development.” Lalong reminded the monarch that he was ascending the throne at a time when the nation and Northern region, in particular, is facing serious challenges of insecurity, poverty, illiteracy and health burden despite its rich human and material endowments. He assured the royal father that the Northern Governors Forum will support his reign and also benefit from his wisdom and influence as it works to emancipate the region from the myriad of challenges confronting it. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman… Northern governors forum congratulates new Emir of Zazzau  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!