Last time we bega looking at the issue of listeig. We saw that we spend time talking but the question is do we listen as we ought to. If we really listen as we ought to there will be minimal misunderstanding among people. If we listen well when people talk, arguments will be brought to the barest minimum. We can hear people talk but it doesn’t mean we are listening. Listening is different from hearing. Hearing is the physical ability to perceive sound with your ears. If you are not hearing impaired hearing is an automatic involuntary action. Listeig is a skill to be acquired. How to master the art of listening. Listening is a skill to be acquired and here are some basic principles to effective listening. 1)      Attention: 2)      Attitude: 3)      Assessment: The whole idea of listening is for you to respond accurately and effectively and this will only happen if you assess what you hear properly. “Listening well and answering well is one of the greatest perfections that can be obtained in conversation.” François de La Rochefoucauld Assessment involves evaluation, understanding and making the right decision, choices and judgment which can only happen by listening. When people don’t listen well their assessment of what is communicated will be wrong and consequently their response will be wrong also. We must not just hear people talk but listen to them . We must develop and keep improving our listening skills to be effective in life.  TO BE CONTINUED FOR ENQUIRIES AND COMMENTS PLEASE SEND EMAIL Charismokola @yahoo.com YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We’ll remain impartial in tackling Boko Haram, banditry ― Buratai Chief of Army Staff, Lt General Tukur Buratai has stressed that the Nigerian Army will continue to carry out its duties of tackling insurgency, banditry, criminalities and safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country without partiality. Kwara presents appointment letters to seven traditional rulers Kwara State Government has presented letters of appointment to seven newly appointed third class and fourth class traditional rulers. The official presentation followed the approval by Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq after the ratification of same by the Kwara State Council of Chiefs. Akeredolu wins Nigerians united in anxiety about country’s future, says Awolowo Dosumu Former Nigerian Ambassador to The Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, on Sunday, said that Nigerians are united in anxiety about the future of the country. Awolowo Dosumu was one of the panellists who spoke on the theme: “Understanding Contemporary Nigeria- What Unites Us… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!