Youths of Ebonyi State have called for the total sack of all officers of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), a unit of the Nigeria Police Force. The youth made the call in Abakaliki while protesting the alleged brutality and extortion by SARS operatives. The youth besieged the old government house located opposite the state police headquarters, Abakaliki to protest the alleged brutality and extortion by SARS officers. According to them, police brutality affected youths in the state and has cut short the lives of some youths in the state and the country at large, urging the state government to ensure their safety. “We are fighting for our rights and our rights is to end this police brutality because their brutality is affecting every youth in this state. Enough is enough, we want all those who have been found guilty of one crime or the other to be sacked from the police force entirely. We want Ebonyi government to assure us that police in the state would be one of the best in Nigeria,” one of the youths said. They, however, urged the Inspector-General of Police to give every security member an identity number for easy identification of the bad ones among them. Addressing the youth on behalf of Governor David Umahi, Commissioner for Internal Security and Border Peace, Hon. Stanley Okoro-Emeagha, condemned the brutality and commended the youth for taking such measures to end police brutality and extortion. “To scrap out SARS, I believe, is a welcome one that made the IGP scrap them on the instructions of the President. “They were not sacked rather a name was cleaned up and then there is going to be a reform to clear complains from the masses against the police. “I want us to know that society cannot live without adequate security. We are talking about the areas they don’t do well because we know they are doing wonderfully well to give us protection. Only few of them are not doing well. “Your agitation is welcome but know that the governor and his deputy that you are waiting for are not in town,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BREAKING: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!