Benjamin Disraeli once said “Cleanliness and order are not matters of instinct; they are matters of education, and like most great things, you must cultivate a taste for them” What does your car interior and upholstery look like? The condition of a car’ sinterior is just as important as maintaining a smooth, glossy paint job on the exterior. If a car’s upholstery is not well taken care of, it would only be a matter of time before it starts falling apart. Some vehicle manufacturers are known for using signature materials while others use several variations for different models. For instance, Rolls Royce uses natural materials such as leather made from bull skin while Toyota is known for using a mix of polyester, vinyl or faux leather, depending on the model. Regardless of the type of material, these are some common triggers that can cause damage to your vehicle’s upholstery: Here is some practical advice on how you can improve the condition of your car’s upholstery: To sum up, it is always a good idea to become more familiar with the array of materials that are used for the upholstery of car interiors, in order to know what can lead to its damage and how best one can maintain it. An unkempt car interior will make a vehicle age much faster than it should. I shall leave you with the words of Benjamin Thompson: “So great is the effect of cleanliness upon man that it extends even to his moral character. Virtue never dwelt long with filth; nor do I believe there ever was a person scrupulously attentive to cleanliness who was a consummate villain”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!