Operatives of the Delta Police Command have rescued four persons who were abducted at the Ughelli axis of the East-West road in Delta on Thursday. Delta State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, exclusively confirmed the development to Tribune Online on Thursday afternoon. She said one of the four rescued victims was the driver of Agofure Transport Company who drove the bus that was waylaid by gun-totting hoodlums on Wednesday evening. “We’ve rescued four including the Agofure driver from the kidnappers and efforts are still on to secure the release of others. “But for our gallant men under Dragon Patrol team who were not actually too far away from the scene of the incident and gave then a hot chase while many people scampered for safety, more people would have been abducted,” DSP Onovwakpoyeya noted. It will be recalled that some arms-wielding gunmen abducted scores of passengers aboard an Agofure Transport Company along Ughelli axis of the East-West road, on Wednesday evening. The gunmen were said to have laid an ambush for some minutes at the Ovwodokpokpo junction axis of the road in Ughelli North Local Government Area. Tribune Online reports that no fewer than 12 passengers were said to have been abducted amid heavy shootings. It was further gathered that occupants of a private Mercedes Benz, a tricycle and a Toyota Sienna minivans, were among the abductees.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: We’II Deal With Those Planning To Disrupt Ondo Election ― Police Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Leye Oyebade has sounded a note of warning to political thugs planning to disrupt the peace of this Saturday’s governorship election in Ondo State, saying the police would deal with anyone or group of people found culpable. TRENDING: Kaduna Govt Names Nuhu Bamalli New Emir Of Zazzau The Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced the appointment of Alhaji Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the 19th Emir of Zazzau. He succeeds Alhaji Shehu Idris who died on Sunday, 20th September, after reigning for 45 years. [ICYMI] Missing Boy: Court Sentences Sotitobire Founder To Life Imprisonment The Ondo State High Court, sitting in Akure, on Tuesday, sentenced the Founder and General Overseer of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, to life imprisonment over the disappearance of one year toddler, Gold Kolawole, during Sunday service in his church last year. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!