President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the new Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli, and has advised him to be the leader of all. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) on Wednesday in Abuja said following the announcement of the new emir on Wednesday, President Buhari sends a message to him. “I congratulate you on making history by becoming the first emir from the Mallawa ruling house in 100 years. You deserve the appointment and I am confident you will justify the confidence reposed in you,” Buhari said in the message. He added:  “While you bask in the glory of the moment, I want you to be the leader to all and treat all your people fairly in the performance of your duties.” “This is a challenging moment and therefore, I want you to use this opportunity to unite all members of the ruling houses for the interest of your people,” he advised Amb. Bamalli. “May Allah grants you wisdom and guidance in the discharge of this responsibility,” President Buhari prayed for the new Emir. Don’t Ignore Calls For Restructuring, Awolowo Dosumu Counsels FG Former Nigerian Ambassador to the Netherlands, Dr Olatokunbo Awolowo Dosumu, has admonished the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government not to ignore calls for a restructuring…Buhari congratulates Emir of Zazzau Woman, Two Others Share Nobel Prize In Physics The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences has awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Physics. While one half was awarded to Roger Penrose the other half was jointly awarded to Reinhard Genzel…Buhari congratulates Emir of Zazzau FG Planning More COVID-19 Palliatives For Nigerians ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has said that the federal government is working on providing more palliatives to relive the pains of the COVID-19 pandemic on citizens…Buhari congratulates Emir of Zazzau  Buhari congratulates Emir of Zazzau NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!