A security guard, James Vende, 33, on Thursday appeared a Magistrates’ Court, Gwagwalada, FCT, for allegedly stealing building materials and home appliances worth N502,800. The police charged Vende of Haji camp, Gwagwalada with one count of theft. The Prosecution Counsel, Abudullahi Tanko, told the court that the complainant, Jennifer Okonkwo of No.16A park road, Gwagwalada reported the matter at the police station on Oct.16. Tanko said that the defendant stole three bags of cement valued at N7,800, one 32-inches plasma television worth N85,000, 30 pieces of 16mm iron rods, 10 pieces of 5mm iron, a Hisense air conditioner 1.5 horsepower and others. The offence, he said, contravened the provisions of Section 286 of the Penal Code. The defendant who pleaded not guilty told the court that he did not steal all the items mentioned. Magistrate Yusuf Ibrahim admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N200,000 with one reasonable surety in like sum. Ibrahim ordered that the surety must reside within the court’s jurisdiction with a verifiable address. He also ordered that the defendant must present a print out of his Bank Verification Number (BVN). Ibrahim adjourned the case until Nov. 25 for hearing. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Money laundering: Dismiss Mompha’s no-case submission, EFCC tells court The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has beseeched Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos to dismiss the no-case submission filed by suspected internet fraudster, Ismail Mustapha, also known as Mompha, who is standing trial over an alleged N32.9 billion fraud. Security guard FCTA bans #EndSARS protest, street demonstrations in Abuja The Security Committee of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has banned all street demonstrations, protests and processions in the territory, including the EndSARS protest. A statement on Thursday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Minister of FCT, Anthony Ogunleye, the decision to ban all street demonstrations was taken at the committee’s meeting on Tuesday. Security guard Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!