The Oyo State government has approved the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the 45.3km Saki-Ogboro-Igboho road to the tune of N8.7billion. This was made known when state Commissioners for Environment and Natural Resources, Mr Idowu Oyeleke; Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr Muyiwa Ojekunle; and Information, Culture and Tourism, Dr Wasiu Olatunbosun briefed journalists of the outcome of the state executive council meeting. Speaking, Ojekunle said the Saki-Igboho road project is billed for completion in 18months time. He added that Messrs China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) will handle the project which will be financed using the Alternative Projects Funding Approach. In his own presentation, Oyeleke disclosed that the sum of N312.2 million has been approved for the installation of 58 standard boreholes with standby power supply. Oyeleke explained that the 58 boreholes will be spread across the geo-political zones of the state and will be completed within six months. Taking the microphone, Olatunbosun stated that the government had granted semi-autonomy to four state-owned hospitals. These are the Adeoyo Maternity Hospital, Yemetu; State Hospital Ring Road; State Hospital Oyo and Saki Specialist Hospital. The intention of autonomy, according to Olatunbosun, is to strengthen secondary health care delivery in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…Oyo approves N8.7bn  Oyo approves N8.7bn  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…Oyo approves N8.7bn  Oyo approves N8.7bn  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…Oyo approves N8.7bn Oyo approves N8.7bn SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!