West Africa’s largest carrier, Air Peace, has announced that it will be commencing regular commercial flight operations from its Lagos hub into the city of Johannesburg, South Africa, soon, in keeping with its vision to provide seamless connectivity across cities. The airline said it has made huge progress in meeting the stipulated requirements of the aviation authorities in both South Africa and Nigeria to enable it to launch flight operations into the country before the year runs out. In a statement issued by the Spokesperson of Air Peace, Stanley Olisa, the airline said South Africa was one of the destinations which the Federal Government had designated Air Peace to operate into, adding that Lagos-Johannesburg-Lagos will be operated thrice a week. While declaring that South Africa had always been on the radar of Air Peace as the airline constantly reviews its route network, he added that the airline was further looking at strategic ways of expanding it to provide immense value to Nigerians first, and other Africans. ALSO READ: Security operatives arrest 144 in Kwara for looting According to Olisa,” his focused route planning and expansion is driven by the airline’s ‘no-city-left-behind’ initiative, an ambition to interconnect various cities through the provision of safe, comfortable, and cost-effective flights.” Reiterating the commitment of the airline to continuously add more connections to its route network, Olisa noted that apart from South Africa, Air Peace has also been designated to commercial flights into Mumbai, London, Guangzhou-China, Houston, with other destinations still in the works. “We shall continue to strategically increase existing connections to give our customers more network options while also creating more employment opportunities for Nigerians”, he said. Air Peace, in a historic feat, had kicked off international flight operations with the United Arab Emirates in July 2019 and has consistently shown vibrancy and reliability by operating several evacuation flights to and from China, United Kingdom, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Israel, India and Turkey during the COVID-19 lockdown as well as the free airlift of 503 Nigerians from South Africa amidst the xenophobic onslaught last year. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!