Without doubt, the feud between the Federal government and the Academic Staff Union Of Universities (ASUU) is getting worse by the day.  The bone of contention which led to the strike action by ASUU early this year was largely triggered by the introduction of the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS). However, industrial action has become a norm with the Nigerian University system. Strikes have been the incessant menace ravaging the quality and standard of our educational system. The crisis is escalating deep beyond expectations. Both parties; FG and ASUU are adamant and not willing to compromise. It saddens my heart seeing university lecturers living a low-key; miserable life unless having a business as an alternative despite their wealth of experience and excessive contributions to the development of the nation intellectually, morally and educationally. They deserve more than what they are offered. As in business philosophy, one or more among the distribution channels suffer the loss of the business. A general aphorism holds that, when two elephants fight, the grasses suffer the most. In this, the strike does not only affect the students but also, the lecturers and the general public. Only the Federal government has nothing to lose. If ASUU wins, students will enjoy more opportunities. But in reverse, students are in serious doom; the strike action will continue. We shouldn’t forget that ASUU can’t carry students’ loads on head and their own on their hands.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Presidential Panel On Police Reforms Agrees To Meet All Demands By #EndSARS Protesters The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has convened a meeting with stakeholders and has agreed to meet all demands raised by the #EndSARS protesters, which include halting use of force against protesters and unconditional release of arrested citizens. ICYMI: Lagos To Compensate Victims Of #EndSARS Protest With N200m ― Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said the state government has earmarked N200million as compensation for families of victims of #EndSars protest. ICYMI: I Was A Victim Of SARS Brutality Twice, Oyo Deputy Gov Tells Protesters Oyo State deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan revealed that members of the Nigerian Police Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) have attacked him twice. ICYMI: #EndSARS: Protesters Block Oyo Secretariat Main Gates (SEE VIDEO) #ENDSARS protesters, on Tuesday, blocked the main gates leading to Oyo State government secretariat, demanding the total end to Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS), saying no reformation of the disbanded police units should be carried in the Nigeria Police Force. ICYMI: Buhari Nominates Lauretta Onochie, Three Others As INEC Commissioners President Muhammadu Buhari has nominated his Special Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie and three others as National Commissioners of the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC). Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!