Bishop Matthew Kuka’s timely submissions that “we have never had it so bad in our history where power is privatised  and shared based on religious and ethnic considerations” is correct and timely. His assertion that “we cannot continue to live in a country where there is no feeling of inclusion because we are not a conquered people” is also right. Some leaders have become prisoners of their own past. Experts in psychology of change insist that if one uses his new label, for example, a transformation from a dictator to a democrat to describe oneself every single day, it becomes conditioned within one. Experts advise that one has to continue to refine his new identity, expand it, or create better rules for it. If you are still the same person you were as a dictator, then you might begin to ask yourself whether you are an instigator of change, or acatalyst for growth, a builder of people, an advocate for the poor, an anti-corruption crusader, a person who makes a difference, a humble kind of leader and above all, a force for good governance? Our political leaders who rode to power on the back of the “change mantra” must begin to expand their view of who they are now five years into office – are they political bullies who do not reflect on their critical short fallings or the values the people cherish? Nigeria is now at a crossroads. This is the opportunity for the powers that be to make the most important decision they will ever make – restructuring Nigeria now and keep the nation one. Make the decision courageously and create powerful resourceful states all over Nigeria to etch your names in gold and make history. Do it fast to forestall separation. Can’t we see that the struggle is already on? John R. Jimoh, Ijebu-Ode. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19: Nigeria’s Deaths Last Week Lowest In Five Months Last week’s record of seven COVID-19 deaths is Nigeria’s lowest in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded fewer weekly deaths was the nine deaths recorded between April 12 and 18. Restructuring: “I Won’t Succumb To Pressure – Buhari Against the mounting agitation for the restructuring of the country, President Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is not moved and vowed not to succumb to pressure. A statement emanating from the office of presidential spokesman…  #EndSARS: Nigeria Police To Host Naira Marley On Live Chat In response to concerns and complaints by Nigerian youths on the issue of unprofessional conducts by some Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS) operatives of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF), the force has invited Nigerian singer and rapper, Azeez Fasola, popularly known as Naira Marley, to a live interview session with its Public Relations officer on Instagram. ICYMI: CROSSFIRE: No Going Back On Nationwide Strike — Labour DESPITE court restriction, the total shutdown of government offices and all business activities is imminent as the industrial strike and a nationwide protest declared by the organised labour over the increase in the prices of fuel and electricity tariff commences early Monday morning. ICYMI: Death Toll In Zulum’s Convoy Attack Rises To 30 ― Report The death toll from Boko Haram attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has risen to 30, security sources said Saturday. TRENDING: Trump Says US Election Winner Might Not Be Known For Months US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Americans might not know the winner of the November presidential election for months due to disputes over mail ballots, building on his criticism of a method that could be used by half of US voters this year, Reuters reports.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!