The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) on Sunday accused the Federal Government of deducting check of dues on behalf of the union and refused to remit same to the coffers of the union between February and June 2020. Besides, it also denied claims by the Minister for Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige that the union would call off its strike, contending that while the lecturers were ready to work, academic activities will not commence until government fully attends to all her demands. In a statement signed by the chairman of ASUU, University of Ibadan chapter, Professor Ayo Akinwole, the union raised the alarm over what it termed conspiracy among the ruling elites to wipe out public university education which provides education to over ninety percent of Nigerian students in order to elevate private universities which are owned by themselves and their collaborators. ASUU had been on strike for over six months to draw the attention of the government to the implications of negligence of not funding public universities in the face of rising insecurity and other mounting social problems. Akinwole maintained that the plan by the government to use salary stoppage to punish varsity lecturers for being concerned with the parlous state of affairs in the nations’ tertiary education had failed as members were determined to ensure that government becomes responsive and responsible regarding the education sector. He further explained that while the union was ready to discuss outstanding issues on the implementation of the February 2019 MOU the government signed with ASUU and other conditions of service, the Federal Government had refused to keep its side of the bargain. Akinwole, however, stated that the University Transparency and Accountability Solutions (UTAS) developed by the union to replace government Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) which has been orchestrated to destroy global academic culture is fully ready, lamenting government’s insincerity of purpose. “As of today October 4, 2020, ASUU members are being owed three (3) months salaries. In some universities like MOAU and UNIMAID our members have not received salary for up to six (6) months. The Federal Government through the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation have criminally withheld five months (February-June, 2020) Check-Off deducted from our members’ salaries without remittance to the union. “The Federal Government have forcefully enlisted our members on the National Housing Fund (NHF) scheme and has consistently been illegally deducting money for this from our members’ salaries. Our ongoing total, comprehensive and indefinite strike action would continue if this propaganda and lies against ASUU by appointees and representatives of the Federal Government like the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige persists,” Akinwole asserted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE TRENDING: Eight Injured, 20 Vehicles Destroyed As PDP, APC Supporters Clash Again In Ondo No fewer than eight persons were seriously injured during a clash between the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ipele, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday. AT LAST: Reps Back Down On Controversial Water Resources Bill The House of Representatives on resumption of plenary session on Tuesday backed down further legislative action on the passage of the controversial Water Resources Bill and unanimously resolved that the Bill should be regazetted for fresh consideration in line with the House Rules. ICYMI: Biafra: I’m Not Afraid To Go Back Home ― Onyeka Onwenu Nigeria’s music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, has said that she would not be afraid to go back to the South East, if the planned Republic of Biafra, being canvassed by some people in the region, is realised. ICYMI: Why Labour Suspended Strike, Nationwide Protests The commitment by the Federal Government to increasing the local refining capacity, rehabilitate the four nation’s refineries, and promised delivery of licensed modular and regular ones are at the top of major considerations why the organised labour agreed to suspend the industrial strike and protests scheduled to commence on Monday nationwide. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!