The Federal Government has rescheduled the take-off of the Public Works programme, under which 744,000 people (artisans) will be employed across the states and all local governments of the federation, to November 1. The programme had been designed to commence on October 1, Nigerian independent day, but the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Barrister Festus Keyamo (SAN) said President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the rescheduling of the programme from 1st October, to 1st November 2020. The programme is meant to engage 1000 persons from each of all the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) in the country for menial jobs for three months. In a statement signed by the Deputy Director/Head (Press and Public Relations), Ministry of Labour and Employment, Charles Akpan; Barrister Keyamo said the approval was based on his memo to the President informing him that most of the proposed project sites were still water-logged as the rains had not abated. The programme, he noted, was designed for execution during the dry season when most of the project sites would be ready for work. He said that capturing of those to be engaged by the selected banks has been progressing seamlessly across the 774 local government areas. The Minister pointed out that information regarding the banks attached to the specific local government areas could be found in the project’s website: www.specialpublicworks.gov.ng. More information is also available with the various state selection committees. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that the Comrade Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to solve the internal leadership crises rocking the party. The party also said that immediately the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was put in place after the NWC’s dissolution, the crises that had characterised its affairs were laid to rest…FG reschedules take-off  The Emir of Zazzau, in Kaduna State, Alhaji Shehu Idris has died in his palace at the age of 84. His son, Aminu Shehu Idris, confirmed in an interview with the Tribune Online that his late father who was appointed on 15th February, 1975 and spent 45 years in the throne died on Sunday after a protracted illness…FG reschedules take-off  FG reschedules take-off  Post COVID-19: Kano based industrialist tasks FG on economy A Kano based industrialist, Chief Kalu Ogbonnaya, has advised the Federal Government to take necessary steps to stimulate the nation’s economy to prevent a recession post COVID-19…FG reschedules take-off  FG reschedules take-off SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!