By April this year, Covid-19 had already caused chaos in Asia and Europe, with the World Health Organization (WHO) predicting in May that the virus could kill around 160,000 people in Africa this year. According to Jo-Anna Gray from SUPPLEMENTNATION.COM.AU, this prediction was mainly based on the continent’s overburdened health care system, lack of testing facilities, overcrowding and lack of nutritious food and supplements. “Approximately 821 million people in Africa are malnourished. Malnourishment, in turn, can affect the immune system and resistance to disease.” Nevertheless, this prediction has not materialized, with Africa’s covid-19 fatality rates relatively low in comparison to other continents. According to Reuters, Africa’s coronavirus death rate stands at 35,000 deaths among more than 1.4-million people, or 2.4 per cent. This is significantly lower than 4.5 per cent in Europe and 2.9 per cent in North America. Even Africa’s worst affected countries have fared quite well compared to European countries with Ethiopia recording a 1.6 per cent death rate, Nigeria a 1.9 percent death rate and South Africa a 2.4 per cent death rate—much lower than Italy’s 11.6 per cent and Britain’s 9 per cent. “Based on what we have seen so far it is unlikely that we are going to see anything at the scale that we are seeing in Europe – both in terms of infections and mortality,” said Rashida Ferrand, a London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine professor working at the Parirenyatwa Group of Hospitals in Harare, Zimbabwe. While experts assert that many coronavirus deaths in Africa are probably not being recorded, it is pretty clear that covid-19 fatality rates in Africa are probably lower than was initially predicted. This could be for a number of reasons, including the continent’s youthful population who are more likely to recover if they contract the disease. Due to the relative isolation of many African countries, many governments and medical personnel had ample time to prepare for the outbreak. For example, international travel to many African countries is limited and domestic travel can also be difficult. This can be compared to the situation in Australia, where the government contained the spread of the virus by limiting international and domestic travel. “We got the gift of time,” said Thumbi Mwangi, a senior research fellow at the University of Nairobi’s Institute of Tropical and Infectious Diseases. “We had an amount of preparation that others did not.” In addition, many African governments were quick to take measures to contain the spread of the virus by enforcing social distancing and mask-wearing, as well as introducing screenings at airports and suspending flights from certain regions. For example, South Africa introduced its lockdown very early on, when the country only had 400 cases in March. “Africa brought down the hammer earlier in terms of coronavirus lockdowns,” said Tim Bromfield, regional director for East and Southern Africa at the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria To Maintain Buhari, Osinbajo With N12.3 Billion In 2021 DESPITE paucity of funds leading to plans by the Federal Government to borrow additional N4.2 trillion in 2021, both  President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have asked the National Assembly to approve N3.227  billion for them to travel during… MONDAY LINES: The End Of SARS YOU know if I shoot you, nothing will happen. The highest anyone will do is cry justice on Twitter,” Lagos-based entrepreneur Samuel Otigba told CNN that he got that threat live and direct from a SARS operative. He said his offence was his refusal to pay bribe to the officers… 5 Things To Know About The Dissolution Of SARS — Police he Nigerian Police Force(NPF) have bowed to the pressure and demand of Nigerians to ban a unit of the force, Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) on Sunday. Recall that protests from youth have been ongoing across the states of the country and Nigerians in diaspora have also joined in the struggle to end the police unit… Amnesty International Demands Prosecution Of Officers Involved In Extrajudicial Killings, Human Rights Abuse As varied reactions trail the dissolution of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, the Amnesty International on Sunday demanded the immediate prosecution of officers involved in extrajudicial killings and other gross human rights… SARS Has Outlived Its Usefulness, Lasting Solution Must Be Found ― Pastor Bakare Pastor Tunde Bakare, the presiding pastor of Citadel Global Community Church, formerly called Latter Rain Assembly, on Sunday said SARS, an arm of Nigeria police created to combat armed robbery incidents in the country has outlived its usefulness, declaring that a lasting solution must be found towards a more holistic and fundamental… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!